David S. Kong: Wait. Yeah. What happened? What? What? Just happened? Where? Where? Where? Are we from?
Tim Sackton: I got it.
David S. Kong: Okay. Nice.
Tim Sackton: But the process.
Tim Sackton: Can you hear the music.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
David S. Kong: Yes.
Tim Sackton: Okay. So we begin late at night, probably 11 pm.
Tim Sackton: As Vindrasharna coasts north of the jungles, leaving Drankor behind, heading
Tim Sackton: not yet certain for exactly what destiny nation, but away from the ruined, haunted city, where the
Tim Sackton: aura of fear and terror from the plague. Napoleon's long rule still lingers
Tim Sackton: as as Vindersharna sails across
Tim Sackton: bells high above the desert plateaus of the Dharamjalla Faldrick asleep. But the ship,
Tim Sackton: failing quietly under his control, most of your crew asleep now.
Tim Sackton: this late at night, that the elf gardener Agnir
Tim Sackton: on watch, tending the great tree,
Tim Sackton: pending the lanterns that light the ship
Tim Sackton: pacing around the garden and watching the stars.
Tim Sackton: It's been 30 days since Kenzo 1st started having dreams of a Polyons estate
Tim Sackton: while you were still in the far cold go averse, having just killed a vampire.
Tim Sackton: It's been 20 some odd days since he returned from the water with the
Tim Sackton: 4th of the 5 3rd of the 5 pregnancies, the 5 fragments of Jane that you were seeking.
Tim Sackton: It's been 10 days since Gladstorm was recovered from a Shemutz prison on the Seaflora Island, defeated.
Tim Sackton: Shamutz spawned the Black Dragon redempters
Tim Sackton: and put a new Emperor in charge
Tim Sackton: of the refuge of humans from Hakar.
Tim Sackton: It's been 8 days since you reached drinkor for the 1st time.
Tim Sackton: and faced off against your doppelgangers, defeating them in a hectic battle
Tim Sackton: on the shore, and then proceeded to search through the ruins of drankor for memorials of and mementos of
Tim Sackton: the people, that Apollyon, in his rule of terror, towards the end of his reign as Emperor of Drankur.
Tim Sackton: held and bound to his phylactery to grant him immortality.
Tim Sackton: It's been 7 days since you destroyed that
Tim Sackton: 6 days since you destroyed the phylactery in the land of the dead, and then faced off against Faustow.
Tim Sackton: Sorry! 7 days, 6 days since. You then proceeded to face Apollyon in his temple.
Tim Sackton: fighting your way down to the to the inner sanctum beneath
Tim Sackton: the great hall, memorializing Apollyon as he wished to be seen as a god, and killed him.
Tim Sackton: That was this morning
Tim Sackton: you returned to Vindisharna. Oh, no, sorry! That was 6 days ago this morning you, returned Vidrasharna, as the
Tim Sackton: the prison that had kept Apollyon locked away, unable to escape into the material world.
Tim Sackton: unable to leave his temple in drankor for 700 years or more, originally placed by Schmut, finally broke
Tim Sackton: freeing. You, who had become trapped by it as well as soon as you entered the temple.
Tim Sackton: Since returning.
Tim Sackton: Who vinder Sharna Isaac just got?
Tim Sackton: He's returning to Vindicharna this morning
Tim Sackton: you have been engaged in long discussions about what to do, the ancient.
Tim Sackton: powerful artifact, seemingly created by a fragment of reality.
Tim Sackton: When the multiverse sprang into existence.
Kate Sackton: Me!
Tim Sackton: A crown of purity that when you faced Gausta, took the form of a dark iron crown, shadowed gemstone
Tim Sackton: points.
Tim Sackton: But since Brisbane has bound herself to an inattunity
Tim Sackton: as of this evening. Its form has shifted now to a silver iron adorned with
Tim Sackton: movies and points that resemble hamburgers.
Tim Sackton: Oh, they didn't work.
Tim Sackton: So now, as you sit in the main dining hall on the upper deck of Vendorsharn.
Tim Sackton: the sounds of the elf gardener Agier tending the garden in the distance, and the 2 Halflings, Willow and Mika Copperharp
Tim Sackton: left Milo and Tilly's crew for an adventure
Tim Sackton: to see, drank, or to see the great deeds that might define this year in the halfling song of time.
Tim Sackton: are quietly talking in a corner, and the rest of the crew sleeps the ship gently, moving aimlessly north as you debate, and decide where to head.
Tim Sackton: The 5 of you sit around
Tim Sackton: the remains of a late meal.
Tim Sackton: engaged in deep conversation and debate.
Tim Sackton: And why don't you now describe
Tim Sackton: everybody? Just get back into the headspace and say what your character.
Tim Sackton: lastly, first.st
Mike Sackton: So Goeth is
Mike Sackton: really involved in this conversation. Right? He's like pacing back and forth. He's sort of making passionate arguments about how the
Mike Sackton: crown shouldn't just be destroyed, and and we should use it for good. And
Mike Sackton: you know, if if only evil people use it, it'll only do evil
Mike Sackton: and sort of pacing around will do that. He's a pretty compelling
Mike Sackton: speaker, right like. So so he sort of draws the attention. When he's doing these. His shield is off somewhere, right? No weapons probably only wearing probably still wearing his. He tends to wear his armor because it's
Mike Sackton: it fits nicely under his quote, right like it's sort of.
Mike Sackton: It's not like armor armor, right like it's sort of colorful and itchy under his cloak. But you know there's probably some some food remains, and like he's occasionally gesturing with his wine glass and and
Mike Sackton: you know his hair is pulled back, and
Mike Sackton: he seems quite animated and sort of alive with possibilities and conversation.
David S. Kong: In contrast, Kenzo looks like just super annoyed at at deal with, like, you know, sudden enthusiasm about the crown and all the things that he wants to do with it. And like it's, it's just like it's just like, you know.
David S. Kong: clearly, like so obsessed with like wanting to do good with it, and so on. And and Kenzo is like like nobody. Where was all this when? You know, Kenzo had proposed very similar, like exactly the same thing, but but dealt with was insistent on on Kenzo giving it up, which he did. He was very, very glad to do
David S. Kong: so it's just kind of like annoyed listening, but also, as like, you know, kind of accepting the fact that you know, we should do something something positive with it. And I think you know, as the various arguments and possibilities of where, where and how it could be used are emerging. You know. Tenzo's trying his hardest like
David S. Kong: not to be like Super, annoyed at, dull with, but like trying his best to like, you know, as dispassionately as possible. Listen to all of the various possibilities what we could do with the Crown now
David S. Kong: all the while like very, very happy that he does not have to like dream about fucking a polyon every morning like this whole like every single night. Go to bed. A polyon's like shaking a fucking chain, and he's like fuck, you know, so he's very, very like happy to like be getting some like good sleep for the 1st time in like a month.
Mike Sackton: Sorry. Can I just add one thing, Delwith will occasionally just break out of his elephants, and just like, really
Mike Sackton: like.
Mike Sackton: apologize, because, like, we just needed to know. No, he's like we needed to know kids. I didn't trust anybody but you to tell us if this was actually corrupted and evil or not. I I you know. I wish you had it back like.
David S. Kong: Had to.
Mike Sackton: Now right. We had to now.
David S. Kong: Yeah, with with enough sincere apology that actually, genuinely softens Kenzo. And he's like, Okay, okay, all right, dealt with. I get it. I get it. We're all. We're all trying our best here. We're all trying to do our best. We'll we'll figure out a way. I appreciate that. That actually means a lot to me. Thank you.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think Welby's a little bit introspective through it all.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): There's clearly like a great deal of affection, but also
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Welby's been in enough markets with enough traders trying to sell enough things
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): that I think he he knows a sales job when he hears it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think also, though, like. So there! There's affection in that. But I don't think it's it's penetrating.
Mike Sackton: Not buying it. Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Exactly. Exactly.
Mike Sackton: Fair, that's fair.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But I think also like like, for well-be in an unexpected way.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I think there's a i don't know. We haven't done too much
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): like halfling mythology pieces. But I think there's a way in which Welby feels like he's getting in touch with this more like fundamentalist halfling roots. You know of of, like
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): the sense of the world is continuous improvisation. And and this feeling that it's
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): that this is something that shouldn't be here or it doesn't belong, or sort of breaks the rules of the system. You know you're having this lovely acoustic jam. And then someone just comes in with a drum, Kit, you know, it's like, No, no, these drums are going to be great. It's like, yeah, but that's not what we're doing.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So there's I think there's.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and I think that takes him by surprise a little bit. I think he spent this last year
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): or more like running into halflings and joining the company, but not with a sense of of like identity or rootedness in that. And that's
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): and the discovery of that is sort of
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I don't know. It's give them a lot to think about.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): But I think he's not putting up too much of a fight. He's mostly just letting Delworth wear himself out.
Kate Sackton: This one has been grateful to be back on Vidrasharna and in her shrine to the Biharazal, and
Kate Sackton: feel that she is a place of strength and support, to learn and and grow, to keep this
Kate Sackton: our safe, to get advice from her gods, to.
Kate Sackton: you know, rest and focus that you know we can together
Kate Sackton: come up with a plan, and
Kate Sackton: she can have the voices of
Kate Sackton: the gods she trusts, and the friends she respects, too, help shake this power.
Tim Sackton: So at this point, as the conversation is going on, you notice 2 things happen at once.
Tim Sackton: 1st seeker's been quiet for the past
Tim Sackton: 5 min or so, and Welby, you noticed. So Seeker has a streak of white in his hair
Tim Sackton: which you may have explained some point.
Tim Sackton: I don't remember if he explained.
Tim Sackton: well, there's a streak of white that that wasn't didn't used to be in his hair, but was in his hair when you guys met up again.
Tim Sackton: and you notice, well, be, that seeker seems to have stopped talking, and his hair.
Tim Sackton: this, like color, is seeping out of his hair, moving
Tim Sackton: in a wavy lines from the streak on the back of his head that is white.
Tim Sackton: and at the same time there's a shout, Aigner! The Alf gardener yells, yells for your attention.
Tim Sackton: Something's out there.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Welby mutters under his breath, well, we had a real nice afternoon, anyway.
Mike Sackton: No, they'll grab his shield and run out there.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What's happening to Seeker's head.
Tim Sackton: Cigarettes, kind of shakes his head and sort of tries to talk, and the words come out garbled
Tim Sackton: and the color begins to fade from the rest of his face.
Tim Sackton: Stretching down to his cloak, now, is turning into this like super desaturated
Tim Sackton: gray instead of the brilliant Tolan red. It's beginning to. It's avoiding his beard for now, but it's beginning to ooze down his neck like the color is just draining out of his body from the top to the bottom, but he gets up and he runs with you. He seems to at least be
Tim Sackton: aware if when he tries to speak, it sounds like it's like he's trying to speak 2 languages at once. The words come out super garbled.
Tim Sackton: So you run out onto the deck of Vindersharna in the night.
Tim Sackton: and you can see maybe a hundred feet off in the distance, racing towards you. A bright
Tim Sackton: amber, almost glowing orange stag like horns, antlers running through the sky.
Tim Sackton: On it is a woman.
Tim Sackton: She is willowy flame haired
Tim Sackton: bright sort of not even red, like really sort of bright orange flame hair.
Tim Sackton: That seems to be subtly shifting in color.
Tim Sackton: Her eyes are this sort of molten amber. They're burning bright in the dark. She's wearing a tattered cloak of deep red that's
Tim Sackton: that's torn around the edges, and she seems like she's been.
Tim Sackton: Even from this distance. You can see that there's sort of a tired look in her face. Her
Tim Sackton: Her body language is drooped over the the
Tim Sackton: the sort of flanks of this flaming orange stag, and she's holding in her hand. She doesn't seem she's not really carrying much. She's just got her cloak and traveling clothes, all in sort of reds and and yellows and embers
Tim Sackton: but all tattered, but she's carrying. She was holding in her hand this
Tim Sackton: from a from this distance from about a hundred feet. It's hard to
Tim Sackton: it's hard to tell exactly what it is, but it seems it's it's almost like there's a glow of sort of reddish light pulsing from this thing she's holding in her hand.
Tim Sackton: and she's racing in your direction.
Kate Sackton: Do you get a vibe from her, Kenzo? From this distance she menacing.
David S. Kong: Soul Site, Tim.
Tim Sackton: She's she's scared. She's not strong at all. She's like cr 2 or something.
Tim Sackton: Cr, 3 scared and determined
Tim Sackton: like she's trying to master her fear
Tim Sackton: is the vibe that you get from her.
Tim Sackton: not I mean she doesn't seem.
Kate Sackton: Is she just out there, or is she clearly headed for Vinceharna?
Tim Sackton: Oh, yeah, she's headed directly for you.
Mike Sackton: How far away is she?
Tim Sackton: Now she's about 50 feet. She's closing pretty fast.
Tim Sackton: I got, you know, a couple around or 2 before she gets here. Is there anything you want to do.
Mike Sackton: As soon as soon as she's within 30 feet I'm gonna cast the tech dots.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, raise a hand and call out to her, Brenda Brenda foe.
Tim Sackton: She clatters down onto the onto the deck of Vindisharna.
Tim Sackton: Clearly scared and looking around at you, holding. Now you can see this strange crystalline, almost.
Tim Sackton: It doesn't even really look like a gem. It's like a fine filigreed sort of network that's shaped like about like an egg almost like this big. There's all these fine lines that are made almost of
Tim Sackton: it almost looks like it's it's like liquid gold that's kind of frozen into place, and it's blazing with a sort of pulsing light that seems to be that seems like it's pulsing faster and faster as she approaches, and when she lands on the deck it blazes into a solid glow.
Tim Sackton: and she looks, and she says in Sylvan.
Tim Sackton: I think Welby speaks sylvan, and Delwith speaks all languages. Didn't anybody else speak? Sylvan seeker speaks sylvan.
Tim Sackton: Where is she?
Tim Sackton: Release her if you have her.
Tim Sackton: I serve the Cloud Spinner, and I will have her returned.
Tim Sackton: but her voice is shaking with fear. She says this, holding up this glowing light.
Mike Sackton: What's what's she thinking.
Tim Sackton: She's.
Mike Sackton: I mean, detect fox is just surface dots.
Tim Sackton: She's looking at your.
Mike Sackton: I'm not probing deeper is what I'm saying.
Tim Sackton: Quite terrified, but is prepared to
Mike Sackton: This is Kong.
Tim Sackton: Ha, ha! Ha!
Tim Sackton: You!
Tim Sackton: Whatever she needs to do to get the cloud spinner back.
Mike Sackton: Deal with will step forward and say at
Mike Sackton: remind me sorry before I say what those would say. What is the deal? I forget what the cloud spinner is. What's the
Mike Sackton: she's like trapped in a crystal or something.
Tim Sackton: Ad spinner is currently trapped in a solid block of
Tim Sackton: translucent crystal in the hold of Vindersharna appears to be slowly breathing, but otherwise cannot move.
Mike Sackton: All right. We unloaded her from the portable portable hole right.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: And you found her on the Circle Island. Yes.
Kate Sackton: Know her lore from Seeker.
Kate Sackton: He's filled us in.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And we're planning to release her right. We.
Mike Sackton: Just have no idea how.
Mike Sackton: Okay, so deal with will step forward and say she's here.
Mike Sackton: But we do not know how to free her from her prison.
Mike Sackton: do you
Mike Sackton: of it?
Tim Sackton: Her face kind of falls, and she looks at this glowing light in her hand.
Tim Sackton: and and kind of shakes her head.
Tim Sackton: Let me let me see her. I must know she is alive. Yes.
Mike Sackton: As far as we can tell.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Who are you? To her?
Tim Sackton: She. She looks around like she's sort of assessing you for a minute.
Mike Sackton: What's she thinking?
Tim Sackton: I trust them? Are they fender foe?
Tim Sackton: Why do they have Cloud Spinner prison imprisoned.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Deal with will respond to her thought.
Mike Sackton: We freed. We found we rescued, I guess, Cloud Spinner from a island near here that no magic
Mike Sackton: could leave, and we have just recently, a few days ago, blown our ship away from that place.
Mike Sackton: but she was imprisoned in many prisons.
Mike Sackton: It's a beamed of.
Mike Sackton: I forget exactly the details of the fiend, but whatever dealt with remembers will say right guarding her
Mike Sackton: and a dragon, and we slew those
Mike Sackton: but this last prison of hers we have not unraveled yet.
Mike Sackton: Who are you I dealt with will sort of turn back Welby's question.
Mike Sackton: We would not wish to bring any dangers into her presence.
Mike Sackton: Who are you to show us? Who?
Mike Sackton: How can we trust you that you are not a spy or another?
Mike Sackton: One of her enemies, trying to seek her whereabouts.
Tim Sackton: She kind of draws herself up sort of offended a little bit at this, and stands tall and and
Tim Sackton: almost indignant, and she says, how dare you? I am Illyrian lantern, keeper of Red Sun Watch.
Tim Sackton: bearer of, as far as I know, the last amber light not captured by the evils on our borders by
Tim Sackton: the gloom, shaper by Harrow or Wend, and I will have you know
Tim Sackton: I have come to free the cloud spinner.
Mike Sackton: Dealt with a kind of glance over at Kenza like you think she's telling the truth?
Mike Sackton: I mean, he doesn't say that out loud, but like, you know, the little knowing glance right like.
David S. Kong: We're kind of like sounds impressive.
Tim Sackton: I mean, I assume her thoughts are congruent with what she's saying. Yeah.
David S. Kong: Read him. She's she's yeah.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I mean, go ahead and make an insight check. Kong.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Her her secret identity as a goddess well hidden far below the surface.
David S. Kong: Don't say that shorts. Can somebody roll the d 20 for me? I don't have any of the things open.
Tim Sackton: And how's your.
Mike Sackton: I'm slowly getting them up and start.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I rolled a 5. Mike rolled a 9, though that's a little better.
Tim Sackton: Prongs pluses like plus.
Mike Sackton: You have like a plus 12 or 15, or something like that, right?
Tim Sackton: Oh, he doesn't have expertise. He's only plus 9. So that's 18, that's plenty good.
Tim Sackton: She seems. I mean she's clearly like animated, and
Tim Sackton: you don't get any sense of there's there's not. Her voice is wavering, but only because she's pretty certain that if she has to fight you, she's immediately going to die.
David S. Kong: Hmm.
Tim Sackton: Not because she's like.
Mike Sackton: M.
Tim Sackton: The entire vibe is like she's putting herself in what she thinks is basically a impossible situation.
Mike Sackton: What did she say? Heard what was her 1st title that she said.
Tim Sackton: Arian, the lantern keeper of Red Sun watch.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Bearer of the last amber light.
Mike Sackton: Dealt with will sort of nod to her and sort of open his hand lantern. Keeper.
Mike Sackton: you seem who you say, but you also seem, Faye, and as you might know
Mike Sackton: or teach, it doesn't say as you might know, that's not what devils say. We have some experience with
Mike Sackton: they who are not as they seem.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: May I?
Mike Sackton: In inspect your thoughts with magic.
Tim Sackton: She sort of her face turns slightly grim, and she says, do what you must.
Tim Sackton: but the light of the amber light burns away all falsehoods.
Kate Sackton: Is the light of the amber light doing anything to seeker.
Tim Sackton: It's always desaturating.
Tim Sackton: Seems like it's a bit of a struggle.
Mike Sackton: I'll probe deeper. I assume she willingly fails her safe.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: I assume she's telling the truth, as far as I can tell.
Mike Sackton: Okay, let's dealt with a sort of nod after a minute, and say, Let's she seems her thoughts are
Mike Sackton: even. Her deep thoughts are aligned with her statements.
Mike Sackton: I do not think she is another Agatha
Mike Sackton: purposely paying as an aside. Does she react to that name?
Tim Sackton: No.
Mike Sackton: Okay, just curious.
Kate Sackton: I think I think it's worth pointing out to her that our Riswin says
Kate Sackton: The timing of your arrival has coincided with our expert on the cloud spinners
Kate Sackton: realm going silent, do you see? Do you see our frontier and his color?
Kate Sackton: We will gladly cooperate, trying to free the cloud spinner, as that was already our goal.
Kate Sackton: Perhaps you might advise anything that you can tell about his condition.
Tim Sackton: She. She turns, and she looks towards Seeker sort of bully. For the 1st time.
Tim Sackton: She holds up the the amber light.
Tim Sackton: and you can see, sort of faintly superimposed over seeker what looks like a tall, courtly woman.
Kate Sackton: Portly or portly.
Tim Sackton: Court courtly, elegant.
Mike Sackton: But not cloud. Spinner.
Tim Sackton: Not cloud, spinner.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, what's what's secret thinking?
Tim Sackton: I know not what this means.
Tim Sackton: Seeker is thinking.
Tim Sackton: His thoughts are sort of pinging back and forth between
Tim Sackton: colors.
Tim Sackton: How I have missed such brilliant colors. I cannot believe the colors. And who are you?
Tim Sackton: What are you doing?
Tim Sackton: Not this again.
Mike Sackton: It was.
Mike Sackton: They're
Mike Sackton: there seems to be somebody else in Seeker's mind.
Tim Sackton: Please. I must see the Cloud Spinner.
Tim Sackton: Do not know how I can help your friend, but.
Mike Sackton: Yes, come, I'll lead her to the Cloud Spinner.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What's gonna happen when you see the cloud spinner.
Mike Sackton: Good question.
Kate Sackton: Let's.
Mike Sackton: We can talk while we walk. We can talk while we walk.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We can go the long way.
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: I do not.
Kate Sackton: Let's.
Tim Sackton: But I must see for myself that
Tim Sackton: this is not a false hope.
Tim Sackton: The light has rekindled for real.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Who imprisoned her.
Tim Sackton: I do not know.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): When did she disappear?
Tim Sackton: I know the stories you you freed her, and yet you do not know.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We've been a little bit busy.
Mike Sackton: Wait. We know we know the story. We know.
Mike Sackton: We know why she was I mean, I'm not saying this in in character, but but we know why she was imprisoned.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I sort of want to hear if if this one lines up with that one.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: I mean, of course, there are rumors that she was betrayed.
Tim Sackton: but it was before I came to be
Tim Sackton: many years before I came to Red Sun Watch.
Tim Sackton: She was gone.
Tim Sackton: I only know the myths
Tim Sackton: when the sunset gate was whole.
Tim Sackton: when the rivers of night did not flow into Amberglow.
Tim Sackton: and she looks kind of old over her shoulder hide holding up the light.
Tim Sackton: When the terrors of Harrow and Wen did not hunt the land.
Tim Sackton: she shakes her head.
Tim Sackton: Only the cloud spinner can repair it now.
Tim Sackton: The light has been dark for so long they'd given up hope.
Tim Sackton: So I must see.
Tim Sackton: Is she really here?
Kate Sackton: This one gets Kenzo's attention, or someone, and says, 6 of us are currently 7, the speaker's guest.
Kate Sackton: Perhaps that entity shouldn't meet the Cloud spinner right now.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That's a good call.
Kate Sackton: Couldn't.
Kate Sackton: Can we have a little side diversion trip or something?
Mike Sackton: Yeah, just take seekers somewhere else at the moment. You mean.
David S. Kong: I'll take Seeker to the the that
David S. Kong: room for people like him to go in a situation like this awesome.
Mike Sackton: Have a good day.
David S. Kong: That room that we have on Vinata. That's like, just for this occasion.
Mike Sackton: Like seek a curse room right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We need to.
David S. Kong: Has his own personal like curse panic room for sure secret just got
David S. Kong: 1st began. We put him in the panic room. Yeah, I bring him. So I bring him to his personal panic room. And just, you know.
Kate Sackton: You know we see if he wants some icicles, or you know.
Mike Sackton: Bright color, maybe this time.
David S. Kong: No, no, but in all seriousness I do. I can. I can like, sit with seeker and and like, you know.
David S. Kong: like
Tim Sackton: So it's amazing, not yet completely desaturated. There's still color in his beard and parts of his coat.
David S. Kong: Tim, can I? Can I, cleansing, touch him.
Kate Sackton: Throw our Healy, blessie things at him, and see if we can.
David S. Kong: I mean cleansing. Touch. Tim. How do? How does that go.
Tim Sackton: There's nothing, as far as you can tell, there's nothing to cleanse. He's not actually cursed.
Kate Sackton: Bell, Magic.
David S. Kong: What's happening to his consciousness.
Tim Sackton: You see, basically 2
Tim Sackton: 2 auras superimposed on top of each other seekers that you're familiar with, and some unfamiliar aura that seems
Tim Sackton: both of which seem a little bit pain.
David S. Kong: Both seem a little what.
Tim Sackton: Panicked. Both auras seem a little bit panicked.
David S. Kong: But it's Seeker's aura and the panic order.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, let's let's pause for a sec.
Mike Sackton: Oh, hey! Eric!
Eric Rosenbaum: Hey! Everybody!
Eric Rosenbaum: Wow!
Eric Rosenbaum: Hi!
David S. Kong: How are you?
Tim Sackton: Okay, so let's return to Talgar as Kenzo leads the
Tim Sackton: quickly fading, quickly desaturating seeker off. Well, well, be Briswin, and dealt with lead. Lyrian
Tim Sackton: lantern, keeper of red red Sun keep of red Sun watch
Tim Sackton: into the storage room in the basement of
Tim Sackton: Vindersharna, where, still encased in her crystal.
Tim Sackton: is, or crystal prison is the cloud spinner
Tim Sackton: translucent, cannot like really clearly see her features, except the hair, that is the sort of brilliant golden hued, multicolored orange, red, yellow
Tim Sackton: hair, sort of long and kind of almost wrapped around her naked body. And this light that leery, is carrying flares, and it's even brighter as she steps into the hold.
Tim Sackton: and she, Learyan, falls to her knees.
Tim Sackton: and she looks up sort of in awe.
Tim Sackton: It is
Tim Sackton: blink. She sort of she's not dead.
Tim Sackton: This is not a trick.
Tim Sackton: And then she turns, and she sort of almost bursts into tears, and turns and looks at you, and
Tim Sackton: I don't don't know what to do.
Mike Sackton: How did you find us?
Tim Sackton: She holds up this light amber light led me here.
Mike Sackton: When did it start leading you here just recently.
Tim Sackton: A week ago, as you count time. Maybe.
Mike Sackton: And where did you come from?
Mike Sackton: Where is the sorry? What was it? The red.
Tim Sackton: Red sun keep?
Tim Sackton: Where is red Sun?
Tim Sackton: Red Sun? Watch? Sorry.
Tim Sackton: She kind of shakes her head, and she sits down clutching. This light
Tim Sackton: takes a deep breath to steady yourself.
Tim Sackton: Red Sun watches no more.
Tim Sackton: The dark took it.
Tim Sackton: Heroin wend!
Tim Sackton: A darkness flew through the cracks in the sunset Gate like a glacier creeping slowly across the land
Tim Sackton: and swallowed the watch.
Mike Sackton: So where did you come from?
Tim Sackton: It fled sort of starts sobbing quietly.
Tim Sackton: I don't know if anyone got out.
Tim Sackton: I was not even important. Just one of the lantern keepers wasn't like
Tim Sackton: Therian dusk ward, or anybody who could fight the darkness.
Tim Sackton: but I didn't know what else to do. I the amber light and I
Tim Sackton: ran when the keep was swallowed.
Kate Sackton: And you've not had time to find any allies or other survivors.
Tim Sackton: This was long ago
Tim Sackton: of
Tim Sackton: 100 years or more, hundreds of years, as you count time here
Tim Sackton: is hard to say for certain.
Mike Sackton: And where were you when the lantern flared.
Tim Sackton: Glad to.
Tim Sackton: I didn't know where else to go. I went to Everlight's bloom.
Tim Sackton: It's at least quiet there and light.
Tim Sackton: and I didn't think any of the dark towers of
Tim Sackton: the shadow that looms, or the silence that follows would take me there.
Tim Sackton: But then, a few years later, the light one out.
Tim Sackton: and I guess I slowly forgot.
Tim Sackton: Don't know if there's anybody left.
Mike Sackton: Where?
Mike Sackton: How did you come to find us? Where did you? Where did you just come from?
Mike Sackton: He must have come from somewhere just now.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Mike Sackton: Edit as you come to be riding a stag through the sky.
Tim Sackton: I crossed over the bitter wine oak, an ember wine.
Tim Sackton: because the light had flared and led me here.
Tim Sackton: Yours or she, I should say, was still for a long time, days, as you measure time.
Mike Sackton: Be able to sort of look at.
Mike Sackton: We don't.
Mike Sackton: I don't know what this changes unless others come looking.
Kate Sackton: You fear others finding you in this place? Is it less defended than
Kate Sackton: dream? Sparkle, land! Whatever you just said.
Tim Sackton: Ever lights, bloom.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, that one.
Tim Sackton: I
Tim Sackton: I do not know.
Tim Sackton: I know that.
Mike Sackton: Oh, sorry go ahead!
Tim Sackton: Many of the refuges in the north fell to the gloom. Shaper and I think that
Tim Sackton: night's edge heap fell as well.
Tim Sackton: A came because I thought Cloud Spinner. Could that me?
Tim Sackton: But now I I don't know.
Tim Sackton: Maybe it was foolish to leave the safety of Golden Prince's realm.
Tim Sackton: at least the
Tim Sackton: least. The enemies of Cloud Spinner would not hunt anyone there.
Mike Sackton: I think my fear would be that now that
Mike Sackton: that, we have evidence standing before us, pointing it, pointing at this woman, that cloud spinner has awoken something
Mike Sackton: out in the world.
Kate Sackton: Face, something yes.
Mike Sackton: And for many, many years I think her location must have been hidden
Mike Sackton: right. The circular, the the magic wards around the island, would have stopped anything coming in or out.
Mike Sackton: And wasn't she like in some extra dimensional prison on top of that.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Mike Sackton: Right. I can't remember. I was forgetting all the details, but she was like in some extra dimensional prison, so she was doubly warded right. She was in some demiplane, guarded by a devil of some sort.
Mike Sackton: and on top of that the demiplane was on a magic island through which no magic could penetrate.
Mike Sackton: So who's gonna come and 10 min? Who's gonna come in an hour?
Mike Sackton: Are we gonna be facing?
Mike Sackton: It's the start of an endless stream of guests.
Mike Sackton: all coming to help or harm. The cloud spinner.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, that's basically what I was trying to ascertain.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: I'm with ya.
Mike Sackton: It.
Mike Sackton: If it's going to be perhaps we need to
Mike Sackton: do something.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): We need to accelerate our plans for getting her out of that thing.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: He's probably best able to help.
Tim Sackton: At this at this moment. We're going to jump back to seekers, say, from
Tim Sackton: where now, as Kenzo has been standing watching, the color has completely drained out of seeker entirely, and now it looks like he's
Tim Sackton: purely monochrome, except for the strand of hair that used to be white.
Tim Sackton: which is now this sort of bright, burning sunset, red.
David S. Kong: Okay. So, Tim, you're you're in the middle of saying when, before Eric came in, there's a second aura.
Tim Sackton: Yup!
David S. Kong: And you know, Kenza tries to like.
Tim Sackton: Both both auras, seekers and the second aura seemed completely panicked.
David S. Kong: So can I do like aura? Surgery? Is there like a way to decouple like? What do they look like? Are they like all tangled up together. Is it like merged in one like, what's the what's the.
Tim Sackton: Jim and.
David S. Kong: Or a landscape like.
Tim Sackton: At the moment as seeker desaturates. You see that seeker's aura kind of curls up and retreats, and the other aura blazes to life.
Tim Sackton: and seeker turns and
Tim Sackton: blinks and speaks, and opens his eyes, and looks shocked and amazed, and then starts speaking in
Tim Sackton: sylvan, which I don't think Kenzo understands, and then tries
Tim Sackton: alvesh, which I don't think Kenzo understands, and then tries common, and she says
Tim Sackton: in a woman's voice, like a high-pitched like falsetto voice, coming out of Seeker's mouth.
Tim Sackton: So many colors.
Tim Sackton: Even the night hides brilliant lights the
Tim Sackton: fire that she looks, and she sort of reaches up and touches Kendo Kenzo so alive!
Tim Sackton: And then Seeker sort of shakes his head
Tim Sackton: and seeker slash, this creature says, but but no.
Tim Sackton: my Queen calls. Where is she?
Tim Sackton: Where is the cloud spinner.
Tim Sackton: You
Tim Sackton: man, I am speaking to you.
David S. Kong: Is he talking to.
Tim Sackton: His sister talking to Kenzo.
David S. Kong: Oh, shit.
Mike Sackton: Speakers like fully possessed.
David S. Kong: Fuck.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
David S. Kong: Kenzo conveys what's happening in the panic room to everyone. Telepathically thoughts on the approach here.
Kate Sackton: Let's bring fiery girl with us and go talk. Have a group conversation with speaker.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): In the panic room.
Kate Sackton: In the territory.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, well, we'll see what.
Tim Sackton: Quickly. Seeker says my lady called, why do you delay.
David S. Kong: Oh, no! No delays, no delays. All happening right now.
Tim Sackton: Sneaker looks around.
Tim Sackton: What is this place.
David S. Kong: A very happy, wonderful place, safe place, very safe place.
Tim Sackton: He. She stands up and thinks for a minute I reaches out.
Tim Sackton: I know this place. Yes, yes.
Tim Sackton: I can see. Yes, I know it's that way.
Tim Sackton: and begin striding towards the door.
David S. Kong: Kenzo Kenzo does the thing where the he he stops them from.
Tim Sackton: Why do you delay? A lady-in-waiting must attend her queen.
David S. Kong: The Queen is coming here. Just hold! Hold tight for a moment where the fuck is. Everybody is everybody coming.
Tim Sackton: Everybody listen to the room right now.
Mike Sackton: Well, hold on! Hold on! I want to tell the I wanna tell the person.
Tim Sackton: What's your name?
Kate Sackton: Lorenne.
Mike Sackton: That
Kate Sackton: Have another fake.
Mike Sackton: We have a another presence seeking the cloud spinner.
Mike Sackton: I'd like you to talk to them and find out who they are, and then.
Mike Sackton: like I'll buffer up a little bit. You know what like, you know, you could do this, you know you you you stood up to us. Nobody else could possibly be as dangerous. Do this, you know. Go for it. You'll be great.
Kate Sackton: You're our Fay ambassador.
Tim Sackton: You throw open the.
Mike Sackton: Shine your lantern on her.
Tim Sackton: And and you see Seeker standing somehow trying to loom over Kenzo, failing completely and entirely, as
Tim Sackton: Seeker is only a dwarf, and Kenzo is one of the most dexterous martial artists on the planet.
David S. Kong: But do you say so myself? Yeah.
Tim Sackton: And coming out of Seeker's mouth, is this stream of Who are you? Who?
Tim Sackton: Who are you to dare? Keep me from my queen?
Tim Sackton: I insist we must go immediately.
Tim Sackton: My place is by her side.
Tim Sackton: and Lyrian just looks confused. The light, the amber light shining from her crystal lantern shows
Tim Sackton: 2 people superimposed seeker, and then on top, like superimposed on top of seeker. There is a
Tim Sackton: sort of call
Tim Sackton: A tall, courtly woman, wearing like flowing gowns, with
Tim Sackton: wearing like rings and a and a choker around her around her neck.
Tim Sackton: and she is entirely also pale, except for one strand of her hair that is
Tim Sackton: the same color as the strand of seeker's hair.
Tim Sackton: like her dress, is basically like this muted gray and white sort of like it was like, it's just you went in Photoshop, and you just turned saturation to 0. Basically.
Kate Sackton: You have come to our home and your lady's name, we know, but yours. We do not.
Tim Sackton: I am Lady Eventide, and I demand to speak with the Cloud spinner immediately.
Tim Sackton: Don't just stand there.
Kate Sackton: If that ring a bell for Marianne at all.
Tim Sackton: Doesn't ring a bell for any of you.
Mike Sackton: Is it cheating to read the session notes about Lady Eventide.
Tim Sackton: Slightly. Yes, you're there.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Speakers, the only one who would actually, who's actually there. Right?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I don't know what's the worst thing that can happen when they see each other. Let's see how it goes.
Mike Sackton: I'll look over at Larry and way to eventide.
Mike Sackton: I'll introduce. I'll introduce Lady Eventide to Larian, the keeper of the Fred.
Mike Sackton: I remember her titles, but I've forgotten them in in red sun. Watch, red sun.
Tim Sackton: And watch lantern lantern, keeper of Red Sun watch.
Mike Sackton: Are you familiar with red Sun? Watch 2 way to eventide?
Mike Sackton: She has also come seeking your lady.
Mike Sackton: There is no, there's no rush to speak with her. She's imprisoned.
Tim Sackton: I heard her call. What do you mean? Imprisoned.
Mike Sackton: Style. She was in 3 prisons, kind of nested like
Mike Sackton: we got her out of 2,
Mike Sackton: but the 3rd one's a bit.
Tim Sackton: And you left her in the 3.rd
Mike Sackton: Well, do you know how to break free? Break her out of that.
Tim Sackton: Me, her.
Mike Sackton: Okay, but you're not very nice about this. Try try, honey, next time.
Tim Sackton: Seeger seeker holds up his hand.
Tim Sackton: I would love the beautiful golden color of straw.
Tim Sackton: the deep ambers of a nice wildflower clover, honey, the
Tim Sackton: layered golden browns. Do you see anything like that here.
Mike Sackton: It was a metaphor.
Mike Sackton: Come, come.
Tim Sackton: Seeker storms off through the door.
Tim Sackton: going down, knowing the way to the basement where a cloud spinner is, and then just stops
Tim Sackton: like almost shocked, running into a glass wall.
Tim Sackton: How?
Tim Sackton: No, I I heard her, and the light.
Mike Sackton: Did you just hear her like moments ago.
Mike Sackton: or has it taken you some time to
Mike Sackton: worm your way into our friend?
Tim Sackton: Minutes ago
Tim Sackton: she turns and she looks you, Lyrian, you said. Your name is where is where is Thyron? Where is
Tim Sackton: hilarious?
Tim Sackton: You have an amber light.
Tim Sackton: Where are the rest?
Tim Sackton: She turns Lyrian turns, and like breaking down in tears, I I think they're all dead.
Tim Sackton: Taken gloom. Shaper took the Refuges
Tim Sackton: heroine. When broke through the Sunset Gate
Tim Sackton: I fled. It's all falling apart, she says, in tears.
Mike Sackton: Dealt with, like, you know, whisper to her like, you know
Mike Sackton: we can. We can fix this, you know. Don't don't I know it's that likes a little encouraging like, you know. Don't, don't, don't despair, and you know, don't. Don't take this personally. She's just not, you know. She's just expressing her grief in her own way.
Tim Sackton: So 2 things happen at once. Again.
Tim Sackton: First! st Lyrian yells in terror.
Tim Sackton: My steed is in danger.
Tim Sackton: and begins running up the stairs, and then
Mike Sackton: We wake up Faldrick and get him to shoot the ice cannon at people
Mike Sackton: we'll be able to take off after her.
Mike Sackton: The what's the other thing.
Tim Sackton: The other thing is the
Tim Sackton: as that's happening. Seeker turns and puts, puts his hand up against the crystal.
Tim Sackton: We have to find the prism. Well.
Tim Sackton: I think it's the only way kind of shakes her head.
Tim Sackton: only I hadn't forgotten so much.
Kate Sackton: Rhysm.
Mike Sackton: Prism.
Tim Sackton: Prism.
Kate Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: Like a crystal that bakes light, presumably that will then break free the other crystal that she's trapped in in some fashion.
Kate Sackton: But it was the prism. Well.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: So danger on deck, you know. Let's go do it.
Mike Sackton: Can we wake up, Faldrick? Can we like send some, you know. Do we not have an alarm bell on the ship of some kind? We must right.
Tim Sackton: You can ring your alarm.
Kate Sackton: Cast sonorous voice, and just, you know.
Mike Sackton: Let's let's sound the alarm while we are.
Mike Sackton: While we're running towards the deck. Let's sound the alarm and wake them.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, yeah.
Kate Sackton: Mobilize the troops.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Everyone to battle stations.
Mike Sackton: Battle stations. Faldrick, you're on ice cannon duty.
Mike Sackton: Faldrick is actually your your, your your acting captain, because seekers are disposed.
Kate Sackton: Right do we have?
Kate Sackton: How how are we doing in terms of
Kate Sackton: unscriable kind of magically protected spaces on Vindrasharna? Were we like working on those, but keep getting interrupted like those home projects. You never finish.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I mean.
Mike Sackton: We haven't really had time to build our level. 15 bastion features, right? Cause we've been running around the world like mad.
Kate Sackton: Hmm.
Tim Sackton: So yes, there, there are those home improvement projects that never get done. Basically.
Kate Sackton: But tomorrow, like if I get in some sleep.
Kate Sackton: isn't there like a temporary thing I can do like a
Kate Sackton: one of those things that becomes permanent if you do it a lot of times like.
Tim Sackton: And that prevents spying. It prevents teleport.
Mike Sackton: Now then, there is a there is a cleric spell that prevents scrying.
Mike Sackton: I forget what it's called. It's like
Mike Sackton: divine sanctum, or something like that.
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: And if you cast it enough times it becomes permanent.
Mike Sackton: But at the moment let's go see what the danger on deck is.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
Tim Sackton: So you you run up onto deck onto the deck.
Tim Sackton: You see, all that you see is that about?
Tim Sackton: It's hard to judge distance. But Welby is quite good at this sort of thing. Maybe
Tim Sackton: a hundred feet off the deck.
Tim Sackton: The a portion of the sky is
Tim Sackton: is black, so you can't see the stars.
Tim Sackton: and this golden stag is like standing looking up like rearing up.
Mike Sackton: That's just a spell.
Tim Sackton: Kind of kind of shrieking.
Mike Sackton: rear. Okay? So there's it's just blackness is all we see.
Tim Sackton: Yes, and.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Oops! Where is.
Mike Sackton: And this is a hundred feet away.
Tim Sackton: Yes, but
Tim Sackton: let me try and draw quickly a Vindersharn battles. How big is Vindersharn? It's like 200 feet.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 2 or 300 feet.
Tim Sackton: Think about what you're gonna do to fight darkness.
Tim Sackton: Give me a sec.
Tim Sackton: I didn't have a chance to prepare this.
Mike Sackton: Doesn't riswin have a whole bunch of spells that cause flaming light to kill people who are dark.
Kate Sackton: Yes, that is what I was going to.
Mike Sackton: Gonna tell Rizwyn to kill the darkness with. You know her spells.
David S. Kong: Sounds, racist.
Mike Sackton: Tim literally said we were fighting darkness. It's not my fault. I'm repeating his words back in it.
Tim Sackton: So
Tim Sackton: we'll say it basically goes from the top to bottom of this.
Tim Sackton: This is not a great ninja Sharna, but it'll do.
Mike Sackton: It's okay.
Tim Sackton: Oh, you know what they should, Ron.
Kate Sackton: Yes, temple of the gods is what I was saying.
Kate Sackton: I found it.
Mike Sackton: Did you not see the link I put in the zoom chat.
Kate Sackton: That's why I said yes.
Mike Sackton: Oh, oh, okay.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so.
Mike Sackton: That is a great spell. You could just cast it every day right? I mean, it takes a lot of resources to cast every day, but if you cast it every day for what a year it becomes permanent.
Tim Sackton: Yours like the tree.
Mike Sackton: We can't is something supposed to be showing up in Row 20.
Tim Sackton: Oh, sorry! Here there's the map.
Kate Sackton: It's an oval with a tree.
Kate Sackton: They're like.
Tim Sackton: Like a there's like a building there.
Tim Sackton: and there's like a building here.
Kate Sackton: In.
Tim Sackton: Those are like buildings.
Tim Sackton: And then there's like, this is like the garden, basically.
Tim Sackton: And
Tim Sackton: sure.
Tim Sackton: so sorry. Let me put out your all, you guys, and you can arrange yourselves. However you want.
Tim Sackton: I'll make a desaturated seeker token. At some point 1 2, 3, 4, 4 nothing.
Tim Sackton: I'll be.
David S. Kong: The darkness is scary looking.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That was good that looks less friendly.
Tim Sackton: That's not all there is.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Trees growing nicely.
Tim Sackton: So then here's Marion. Here's Amber's dad.
Tim Sackton: No worries all Jack, running towards running from his
Tim Sackton: running towards the control tower at the moment.
Tim Sackton: Okay, go ahead and roll initiative. Well, I in this.
David S. Kong: What?
Tim Sackton: Let me grab a piece of paper so I can track.
Tim Sackton: Oh, totally not set up at all.
Tim Sackton: Oh, this is annoying. Okay.
Tim Sackton: alright, guys, go ahead and plan your strategy while I do that.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Organize.
Mike Sackton: So there's like a whole bunch of flying things coming towards us.
Tim Sackton: Robbie is 24.
Tim Sackton: Riswyn's 8 dealt with is 4.
Tim Sackton: Kong. What did you get.
David S. Kong: 17.
Tim Sackton: Okay, speaker is.
Tim Sackton: seeker has a plus 2. Seeker is 6
Tim Sackton: 17 for Kenzo. Anybody want to swap anything.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): The the big guy and just keep hitting. Or, yeah, what's strategy here.
Kate Sackton: Yeah. Yep.
Mike Sackton: I mean, that's a big darkness, but.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Wait. Is this the same day? This is the next day, have we? We've.
Tim Sackton: Oh, yeah, you've you've long.
Mike Sackton: Several days. Later, yeah.
Tim Sackton: This is.
Mike Sackton: Remember, we spent like 3 days trapped in the tomb. Just kind of poking around.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Okay. So Welby gets the jump unless anybody wants to swap.
Kate Sackton: I think that we're all gonna do our best when we get to it. Like I I could swap with Kenzo and do my attack faster. But I don't think it's really gonna matter. So I think that we're fine.
David S. Kong: We can do that. What's your initiative?
Kate Sackton: Like 8.
David S. Kong: Yeah, let's swap. Why don't you take? Take my spot.
Mike Sackton: But there's an advantage in soul sighting before we start casting spells.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, it's a good.
David S. Kong: Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Kate Sackton: That's good, too.
Kate Sackton: Sleep, cancellation.
David S. Kong: A true doubt.
Tim Sackton: In, the.
David S. Kong: The source site is useful.
Tim Sackton: Okay, let me make sure the distance is about right here.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Just confirm it. Hit the big bad.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, sure.
Mike Sackton: I don't have a better idea.
Mike Sackton: I don't know if the big bad is honor. I mean, it's just darkness right? We don't even.
Tim Sackton: Now all you can really see is darkness, although, you see you can see the shape of this claws beginning to form in this flying creature that seems to be
Tim Sackton: face and arms emerging out of what looks like a Gargantuan cloud of darkness.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Awesome. I'm gonna shoot that thing.
Tim Sackton: Okay, go ahead.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, you know, I'm gonna use the arrow of seeking.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And take steady aim.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Shoot! So that's a 45.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, that hits.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Awesome.
Mike Sackton: The darknesses are getting bigger.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Made them too smart. They're huge.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That's 41 altogether.
Tim Sackton: Okay, your arrow strikes into this creature and pierces through its
Tim Sackton: pierces through, and it sort of shutters as it then Dives.
Tim Sackton: Let's see
Tim Sackton: here, flying down directly in line with the ship.
Tim Sackton: Just over the edge.
Tim Sackton: Let's see right there, right in front of seeker slash, actually.
Tim Sackton: Speaker needs to be on square here.
Tim Sackton: okay, and then this clap, this wave of blackness flies out of its of its mouth, and everybody.
Tim Sackton: except for Welby, has to make a dexterity saving throw.
Kate Sackton: Good.
David S. Kong: 24.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: Team.
Kate Sackton: One.
Tim Sackton: Seeker fails. Okay, so seeker.
Tim Sackton: okay, seeker and rizwin.
Tim Sackton: Take 37 points of necrotic damage, dowest Haigs.
Tim Sackton: half of that. So 18 points of necrotic damage. Kenzo takes 0 points of necrotic damage as he ducks out of the way entirely. Baldrick is just beyond the edge of the
Tim Sackton: of the shape.
Tim Sackton: However, as the darkness swirls around the bodies of this golden Stag and
Tim Sackton: Lyrian, the shadows begin to climb over them, and as they
Tim Sackton: both fall to the ground, their bodies disintegrate, and shades rise from their corpses.
Kate Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Must have this.
Tim Sackton: and then the shades will immediately rush
Tim Sackton: risens, wearing armor will immediately rush to attack. Faldrek
Tim Sackton: is looking at you like, why did you call me out here.
Mike Sackton: Where is the where is the.
Tim Sackton: This is the control room. Here.
Mike Sackton: Where.
Tim Sackton: Oh!
Mike Sackton: He's kind of far away from the control room.
Tim Sackton: Why is this?
Tim Sackton: Okay, I'll deal with that in a sec that ends the giant monster's turn. Kenzo is up.
Tim Sackton: But I'm still trying to deal with the
Tim Sackton: seeker damage and the shadows attacking faldrich.
Tim Sackton: So many things. Okay, Aldrick is wearing armor. Maybe he might get destroyed.
David S. Kong: That would be sad.
Tim Sackton: One hits Faldrick begins to like you can see his
Tim Sackton: the strength being drawn out of his limbs as he begins to
Tim Sackton: become weaker and weaker. Oh, and then sorry, I forgot to say,
Tim Sackton: I guess actually, this thing is not currently in.
Tim Sackton: There's I mean there's lights around the
Tim Sackton: there's probably a few lights. Let me put a few lights on.
Tim Sackton: Where would you have them?
Tim Sackton: Let's.
Mike Sackton: Probably on the tree mostly, and in the corners of this building. Here.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. We'll put
Mike Sackton: But I would envision. The tree is kind of decorated, like all around it, with lights.
Tim Sackton: We'll put like 4 lights there and then
Tim Sackton: on the corners of these buildings.
David S. Kong: And we get like cool.
David S. Kong: Wait! Sorry! Where are we? Again?
Tim Sackton: Where are you?
Mike Sackton: That's on the deck of Vendor Sharna.
Tim Sackton: The deck of Vince, Sharna.
David S. Kong: So don't we get like cool layer advantages.
Tim Sackton: Well, Faldrick needs to get to the.
Mike Sackton: We can get Faldrick into the thing.
Tim Sackton: But Faldrick's strength is only 4 now, so somebody's better help him
Tim Sackton: act.
David S. Kong: The castle must have some kind of cool advantage being near this tree.
David S. Kong: What can I do near this tree?
Tim Sackton: It's Kenza's turn. What are you gonna do.
David S. Kong: Step, one soul site, the big Baddie.
Tim Sackton: The big baddie is cr 13.
Mike Sackton: It's not that high.
Tim Sackton: No Ragemdros was like 26 or something.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
David S. Kong: Okay. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Very good at Yax, bad at wisdom, immune to necrotic damage.
Tim Sackton: and immune to the blinded condition.
David S. Kong: Alright! We can work with that.
David S. Kong: Kenzo will try a frightening strike.
David S. Kong: and we'll begin attacking with his staff by the.
Mike Sackton: Shades flying.
Tim Sackton: The shades are not flying.
David S. Kong: So ken's gonna get into melee. Yeah, yeah.
Mike Sackton: Go get into melee. Yeah, it's fine. I'll save Faldrick.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Advantage on all your techs.
David S. Kong: Oh, hell, yeah, that makes things. Oh, this is, gonna be extremely good. Then
David S. Kong: advantage on all my attacks is great. All right. So 1st attack.
Tim Sackton: Okay? 1st of all, as you run up and end your move next to the thing.
Tim Sackton: This
Tim Sackton: creature teleports in the darkness, appearing right next to you. This is like a 8 foot tall, humanoid, with a sword made of shadow. And you need to make a constitution saving throw.
Tim Sackton: And this light source goes out.
David S. Kong: 22.
Tim Sackton: Okay,
Tim Sackton: I'll just draw an X.
Tim Sackton: Oh, and the the amber light went out when the darkness hit Lyrian.
Kate Sackton: That was very upsetting.
Tim Sackton: This light source is gone.
Tim Sackton: Okay, yeah, nothing. You succeed on your constitution saving throw nothing happens. Go ahead.
David S. Kong: All right. I roll the 25.
Tim Sackton: Okay, that hits.
David S. Kong: So I do.
David S. Kong: 9 damage and frightening strikes. So wisdom save.
Tim Sackton: That's a 1.
David S. Kong: Nice, so they're frightened.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
David S. Kong: Great! We love that second staff attack.
David S. Kong: Love the advantage. Situation? Wow! 30. That's good.
David S. Kong: That does another 10 damage. Wait, since they're frightened. What does that mean?
Tim Sackton: They have disadvantage on their attacks.
David S. Kong: Okay. Alright.
David S. Kong: 1st unarmed. Strike
David S. Kong: Oh, no. 15.
Tim Sackton: 15 misses.
David S. Kong: Dammit! I rolled a 15 and a 13. That's terrible. Second unarmed. Strike 22 hits
David S. Kong: that does another 14 damage, and then last unarmed strike.
David S. Kong: 26 hits, and that does another 14 damage.
Tim Sackton: Okay, the the sort of
Tim Sackton: shimmering shadow is is is groaning slightly and curls up
Tim Sackton: inside itself a little bit, and as you.
Tim Sackton: Wait! What is that?
Tim Sackton: And it is going to now.
Tim Sackton: Move just behind and sort of underneath the ship into the darkness, away from you.
David S. Kong: Do I get an opportunity to have.
Tim Sackton: You do, and it is going to also attack you as it flees. That's a 1. So it misses.
David S. Kong: Okay, I still get advantage in the opportunity. Pack.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
David S. Kong: 22 hits, and that does another 8 damage.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: That ends.
Tim Sackton: So that's so. Kenza's done.
Tim Sackton: It's legendary action is done.
Tim Sackton: This creature now standing here.
Tim Sackton: Is going to
Tim Sackton: Raise its raise its sword and hold it up, and you 2 things happen. One is as it appears here. Silence. Oppressive silence settles over.
Tim Sackton: Let me set up with 37.
Tim Sackton: Change this.
Tim Sackton: Nobody who's in this circle can cast spells that have verbal components can speak or communicate telepathically.
David S. Kong: What circle? Where's the circle?
Tim Sackton: You see the.
Mike Sackton: Not yet.
Tim Sackton: I thought I had. But maybe it's not showing up. Let me make sure that.
Tim Sackton: Okay. Now, can you see the aura.
David S. Kong: Yeah. Good to see you.
Mike Sackton: I can't. Nope.
David S. Kong: I'm in it that's annoying.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's faint. But yeah.
David S. Kong: There's a circle around the the the.
Mike Sackton: I cannot see it.
Tim Sackton: Oh, Megan!
David S. Kong: Me and Seeker are in it.
Tim Sackton: Again, then
Tim Sackton: everybody within 15 feet, so that seeker dealt with, and Kenzo has to make a wisdom saving throw
Tim Sackton: as you hear whispers of the things that creep in the night.
David S. Kong: 18.th
Mike Sackton: I'm going to reroll that with heroic inspiration
Mike Sackton: I roll a 1 and a 20.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Can somebody roll? D. 20 for seeker?
Tim Sackton: You both take 14 points of necrotic damage, and otherwise are not.
Mike Sackton: Think I got a 9.
Tim Sackton: Seeker takes 20 sorry psychic damage, 28 points of psychic damage and is frightened.
David S. Kong: You both like as in Kenzo, also took damage.
Tim Sackton: Half damage, 14 points of damage.
David S. Kong: I'm incredulous.
David S. Kong: Tenzo does not. Kenzo doesn't take damage.
Tim Sackton: I know.
David S. Kong: Who are you talking to?
Tim Sackton: Speaker has taken 35,
Tim Sackton: and 28, and is frightened.
Tim Sackton: Okay? And that ends no, that was just its bonus action.
Tim Sackton: now, it's going to turn and make
Tim Sackton: a shadow. 3 shadow blade attacks
Tim Sackton: kenzo is the one that hurt the monster.
Tim Sackton: Let's get that fake.
Tim Sackton: Well, actually, it's reaches 10, so it doesn't have to move.
Tim Sackton: That's a 28 to hit.
David S. Kong: It's me do a lot of damage. Come on.
Tim Sackton: That is, 16 points of necrotic and 11 points of slashing. So 27 points total.
David S. Kong: Except it's not kenzo will deflect that.
Tim Sackton: Our guy.
David S. Kong: So. I always remember to this. So I roll one d. 10 plus 21 right.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
David S. Kong: And what what is it?
Tim Sackton: 27, total.
David S. Kong: Perfect 29. So I fully.
Tim Sackton: You fully deflect. Yep.
David S. Kong: And now the creature.
Tim Sackton: No, no, sorry you can't.
Tim Sackton: You use your reaction to make an opportunity attack. You only get one reaction.
David S. Kong: No, that's.
Tim Sackton: That's actually.
Mike Sackton: It's ad.
David S. Kong: Huh!
Tim Sackton: The second attack Misses.
David S. Kong: Wait. So I actually took damage again.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you took damage.
David S. Kong: Since this is not.
Tim Sackton: What's happening.
David S. Kong: This is not this combat's weird. I took. How much damage did I say? 27.
Tim Sackton: 27.
David S. Kong: What?
Tim Sackton: The 3rd attack is a 20 to head.
Tim Sackton: What's your A/C.
David S. Kong: 20.
Tim Sackton: So that hits. So you take 20.
David S. Kong: Shut up!
Tim Sackton: 9.
David S. Kong: No.
Tim Sackton: You take 34 points of.
David S. Kong: Tim, this is I. I took 0 damage in the entire battle against the Polyon, like the whole big boss of the whole thing. I did not get hit once, and now I'm like getting pummeled by whatever the hell this thing is, this is not.
David S. Kong: Penzo stands incredulous.
David S. Kong: How dare you touch me?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): What is this red stuff coming out of my body.
Tim Sackton: This this one here is gonna teleport.
Tim Sackton: How many?
Tim Sackton: Penzel went from like dying, every combat to like not getting touched every combat
Tim Sackton: it was, wait! Is Welby standing under the tree.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I was sort of thinking of wellbeing in the tree.
David S. Kong: I like that on the tree, up and up.
Tim Sackton: Okay, these 2 lights go out.
Tim Sackton: I mean, this thing is like 10 feet tall. So I'm assuming that it can still reach you with its 10 foot reach. You're not 20 feet apart.
David S. Kong: Hold on. When does Rizman just like end this battle by by herself? Like, when does that happen?
Tim Sackton: Next next turn. She's next.
David S. Kong: Oh, thank God!
Kate Sackton: Which was neat.
David S. Kong: Yeah, that was dumb.
Tim Sackton: 2, 3 things happen. First, st you know.
Kate Sackton: A lot of damage that was good.
Tim Sackton: You need to make a constitution saving. Throw wellbee.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I can do that kind of.
Tim Sackton: Go ahead and also make a wisdom saving throw.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I yes, I can do that.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Feel like I should probably reroll one of those.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I assume I failed. Both of those failed.
Tim Sackton: You failed both of those. Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Let me try rerolling that wisdom safe, that.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Feels like the worst of the 2.
Tim Sackton: Okay, you succeed on the wisdom save. So you take yeah.
Tim Sackton: 1016, 17 points of psychic damage. But you are not frightened. And you are immune to the to the
Tim Sackton: harrowing whispers in the future, which is also true for but
Tim Sackton: got with and Kenzo, but not seeker. What.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Glance over at Kenzo with a look of similar incredulity. What what's happening right now?
Tim Sackton: That lashing darkness that appears as its teleport, the same darkness that shuts down these 2 lights.
Tim Sackton: Strikes you, and you take from failing your constitution save you, take 6, 1112 points of
Tim Sackton: necrotic damage, and you are blinded until the end of your next turn.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Is that the sort of thing that could be dodged, perhaps uncannily.
Tim Sackton: No, it's a saving throw.
David S. Kong: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Sorry not till the end till the start of your next turn, but it's going to make 3 attacks against you with advantage.
David S. Kong: The fuck.
Tim Sackton: Because you are blocked.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Alright!
David S. Kong: This combat's not going well.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's not ideal.
Tim Sackton: That hits?
Tim Sackton: 24, I assume 24 hits.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, you know a little bit.
Tim Sackton: How about 21.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yep.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so this thing makes
Tim Sackton: 3 massive overhand slashes. At Welby.
Tim Sackton: And you take a total of course. 8, 12.
Tim Sackton: What's
Tim Sackton: 69 points of damage?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Wow!
Tim Sackton: But that's 3 attacks. You can uncannily dodge one of them if you want to use your reaction.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I can't, because you can only uncannily dodge attacks that you can see.
Tim Sackton: Oh, ha! Ha! Oh, sorry! That's 79! I forgot to add the 5 3 times.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): sorry. What did you tell me a moment ago? Cause I already deleted? What's the difference.
Tim Sackton: Had 10 admiral that ends the harrowing shades. Turn. Rizwan saved the day.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Hold up. I have 7 hit points. I use
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): my skirmisher feature to move half my speed as a reaction, and I'm going up the tree further.
Tim Sackton: Okay. Pop of the tree.
David S. Kong: This is fucked up. None of this makes any sense.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): This is, this is the worst I've been injured in.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Why are we doing worse against like a bunch of like? Nothing like like literally like an absence of things.
Mike Sackton: It's a good questions.
Tim Sackton: Because there's no dexterity saving throws involved.
David S. Kong: Yeah. Why not?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
Tim Sackton: It's all.
Mike Sackton: Alright!
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Let's go back to those again.
Tim Sackton: The Faye, the Fay.
Mike Sackton: Find a polyat again.
David S. Kong: Polyon was easier than this.
Tim Sackton: A lot of damage down with, I mean.
Mike Sackton: Deal with that.
Tim Sackton: And took a ton of damage. The problem is dealt with. You guys didn't switch. You need dealt with a rizwin to be at the top of the initiative order to draw their fire and absorb the hits.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No.
Mike Sackton: Also we were prepared for all the other combats, and so dealt with.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Aid. So everybody had 30 extra hit points.
David S. Kong: That was great.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Man.
David S. Kong: We don't have that right now.
Mike Sackton: Exactly.
Tim Sackton: Wow!
Mike Sackton: Surprise attacks, suck.
Tim Sackton: The.
Mike Sackton: Brisbane.
Tim Sackton: Feature that's attacking Welby as it swings its blade at you, hitting you 3 times,
Tim Sackton: says. And you can see now that in inside the interior of this shadowy cloud there's the same sort of thing that
Tim Sackton: the the same sort of golden lantern, like thing that the Lyrion was holding before she was destroyed and turned into a shadow. But it's all twisted with black.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, yeah.
Tim Sackton: With black tendrils of shadow, and the light is out, but it's it's thumping almost like a heart.
Tim Sackton: and he says a cloud spinner will not be allowed to return.
Tim Sackton: So sorry I put away my notes. The
Tim Sackton: a shadow that looms, and the silence that follows will
Tim Sackton: stop this madness. Darkness will fall
Tim Sackton: really for the proper doctor who reference it should be. Silence will fall.
Tim Sackton: Brisbane.
Mike Sackton: Okay, this sounds great.
Kate Sackton: Okay. Well.
Kate Sackton: my big area of attack attack, there were so many of them I was already, for, like a big single area of effect attack, but given that, my.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, sorry I forgot. Let me turn on the silence, aura on this one, too. So you know where you can't go if you want to cast a spell.
Tim Sackton: a verbal component spell.
Tim Sackton: This is also a silence. Aura.
Kate Sackton: Let me double check now.
Kate Sackton: I only.
Mike Sackton: Okay where you are.
Mike Sackton: I always still see the.
Tim Sackton: Why?
Kate Sackton: I only still see the one, but I still think I'm fine.
Tim Sackton: Oh, sorry. Yeah. You're okay where you are. I gotta turn on the player. See it?
Tim Sackton: Okay? Can you see it now?
Kate Sackton: Yes, thanks. Great.
Mike Sackton: What are you taking out, Riswyn? I mean, actually do whatever I would take out as many things as you can.
Kate Sackton: Well, I can.
Mike Sackton: You can only get 2 of them.
Tim Sackton: Sorry I forgot Faldrick was Faldrick was before. Faldrick is disengaging and running.
Mike Sackton: Oh, oh, Faldrick! No, no! I was gonna come save you.
Mike Sackton: You have to be within 30 feet of me, Faldrick.
Mike Sackton: Don't run away.
Tim Sackton: Are you.
Mike Sackton: Shout that to him.
Tim Sackton: Okay, save me quickly, please.
Tim Sackton: and he turns and he oh, I've got a character sheet for him. He's gonna oh, maybe he can save himself.
Tim Sackton: you should be able to take 2 shades.
Mike Sackton: Have to take 2 shades, focus fire, and something else. Faldrick.
Kate Sackton: What does he have ranged attacks.
Tim Sackton: He he does. He's got his like wooden wand.
Mike Sackton: Attack something else, Faldrek, and stay within 30 come toward. If he wants. Actually, he doesn't even have to disengage, kill some just hurt something that isn't a shade.
Tim Sackton: Bye, okay.
Mike Sackton: And get prepared. How long does it take him to target the ice if he's in the thing? Can he fire the ice turret the next turn.
Tim Sackton: It. It takes him one round to turn it on, and then he can fire at the turn. After that.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: So.
Mike Sackton: 3rd turn. Okay, that's probably worth.
Tim Sackton: Wait, are you? Gonna he's got actually a lot he can do
Mike Sackton: He not want to be sent into the.
Tim Sackton: No, no, he's dog.
Mike Sackton: Want to be told.
Tim Sackton: But I forgot he.
Mike Sackton: Do something useful, but it would be better.
Tim Sackton: Okay, he is going to. He vanishes.
Mike Sackton: Or if he didn't.
Tim Sackton: Oh, he can't quite.
Mike Sackton: So he could. He could dimension door.
Tim Sackton: No, he can misty step.
Mike Sackton: Now, if you had dimension doors, you can.
Tim Sackton: No, no, it's it's 30 feet plus dash plus
Tim Sackton: you can get to the door.
Tim Sackton: He missed his steps. Anyway.
Mike Sackton: Well, if he's going to the door, I mean great!
Mike Sackton: If you could do that, faldrick, then I don't need to save you.
Mike Sackton: That's actually.
Tim Sackton: You said I'm gonna save myself and steps into the
Tim Sackton: so at so this that uses action. Next turn he'll use his action to
Tim Sackton: shoot up the ice, activate the ice turret and the turn. After that he can rain down ice rays.
Tim Sackton: Sorry. That was Faldrick. See, Rizwin, you're next.
Kate Sackton: I mean, these dudes with the auras are causing so much trouble. But I still think I should go after the really big guy.
Kate Sackton: I was going to do an area of effect spell that might have gotten both of them. But it'll get
Kate Sackton: Kenzo, too, way.
Mike Sackton: Well, if you but can't you? If you have an air, I mean these big, scary black things haven't moved. Do you have an area of effect that we get 4 of them.
Kate Sackton: I but 4 of them, and Kenzo, and Seeker, and like.
Mike Sackton: Now any area of effect that's going off the ship can't. Wouldn't get us right.
Kate Sackton: It just wouldn't get any of the likes, either of the 2 swords. I'd really like to get
Kate Sackton: big, bad guy and the sword guys. But I can't, because.
Kate Sackton: Way Kenzo and.
Mike Sackton: Put something. Here.
Kate Sackton: But also I have 2 fiery 8th level or radiant 8th level spells and or 7th 7th 8th level.
Kate Sackton: Whatever. I'm gonna just stop bappling and do my thing.
Kate Sackton: I can. No, I can do that. Wait a second.
Kate Sackton: I can do that, and that. That's what I'll do, all right. So first.st Yes, I will just do.
Kate Sackton: I? Oh, big old ball of sun sunlight
Kate Sackton: blast. So I'm going to have a brilliant sunlight flash in a 60 foot radius sphere.
Kate Sackton: and I'm going to center it.
Kate Sackton: I'll just send her it here so that it gets these 2.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Tim Sackton: Well, you have no idea where this thing is. You can't see it.
Kate Sackton: The black thing.
Tim Sackton: This thing is not visible. I'll put it on the jeans.
Tim Sackton: It went. It went underneath the ship, and it's nobody can see right.
Kate Sackton: Fine.
Mike Sackton: See. But if you have a 60 radius, why wouldn't we get.
Kate Sackton: I guess I'll put it over there then, and ignore the big baddie. Sure.
Kate Sackton: Fine.
Mike Sackton: But you should be able to get all 4 of these guys lost this guy.
Kate Sackton: Yes, let's do that.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Kate Sackton: The guy since the big guy I had my eye on. I don't have my eye on.
Kate Sackton: That's what I do, Tim.
Tim Sackton: Okay, what's our roadmap?
Kate Sackton: It's a on save.
Tim Sackton: Okay, 20, something, 1114, 11.
Tim Sackton: So this this one here succeeds the other 3 fail.
Mike Sackton: And it also gets this guy.
Tim Sackton: I'm yep, I'm rolling for him Con.
Tim Sackton: that's plus 11. That's a 30 for his con, save.
Tim Sackton: But you please tell me what the.
Kate Sackton: 18.
Mike Sackton: 8.
Kate Sackton: Can't it? Says.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Mike Sackton: No, no! What's the spell?
Tim Sackton: The spell.
Kate Sackton: Oh, sunburn.
Mike Sackton: Nobody knows what spell you cast.
Kate Sackton: Sunburst.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: so it does.
Kate Sackton: I thought I rolled it in.
Tim Sackton: Is all it does is 35 damage.
Kate Sackton: 35 damage and a blinded condition.
Kate Sackton: I know that the 1st guy was immune to it, but I don't know about the other ones.
Tim Sackton: Okay. So this one succeeded. So what what happens on a succeeded safe.
Kate Sackton: I was just looking at it. Sorry I clicked away on a failed save unsuccess will save half damage.
Kate Sackton: and it dispels any darkness in the area that was created by any spell.
Tim Sackton: Okay, okay? So this one failed. 30.
Tim Sackton: And this one is blind.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, that's question, okay, so these these 4 are blind.
Tim Sackton: These 3 are blind. The other 2 succeeded.
Tim Sackton: Okay, see? Kind of red.
Tim Sackton: Okay, what else are you doing?
Kate Sackton: I don't know. I can't. I don't have anything else I can do right. I mean, I can move
Kate Sackton: right, because Bell is an action I don't have. I'm not character with interesting bonus actions.
Kate Sackton: I think I'll just stay here.
Kate Sackton: It doesn't seem like there's any advantage to being anywhere in particular.
Kate Sackton: Well, maybe I'll move. No, no, I'm just staying here.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so that ends Rizon's turn on Seeker's turn.
Kate Sackton: Cantrip, but I don't think I can.
Tim Sackton: Seeker is forced to run
Tim Sackton: directly away from the source of his fear which puts him there.
Tim Sackton: And he can't do anything because it's silence. So he's just gonna keep running
Tim Sackton: to there, which will give an opportunity attack for so many tabs open.
Tim Sackton: or this creature? That's a 19. So that hits Speaker for 22 points of damage.
Tim Sackton: Think you're still okay?
Tim Sackton: Do you have any bonuses?
Tim Sackton: So he'll give out inspiration to
Tim Sackton: well, be close. Oh, it's silent. Well, yeah, it's silenced. You can't give out inspiration.
Tim Sackton: So he's kind of stuck seeker, really really gets in trouble in radiance of silence. Okay, that ends seeker's turn.
Tim Sackton: He's shadows now are gonna move?
Tim Sackton: Let's see, this one is gonna move to there.
Tim Sackton: It is now the darkness is is spreading.
Tim Sackton: so there's some lights over here.
Tim Sackton: right? But this corner where Kenzo and go with is fairly dark at this point.
Tim Sackton: I would say.
Tim Sackton: Kenzo's Kenzo's just at the edge of the light.
Tim Sackton: Dawith is still in the light of this of this little John.
Tim Sackton: It is going to make 2 attacks against Penzo.
Tim Sackton: That's a 18 and a 15. So they both miss
Tim Sackton: this one will also fly in this cloud
Tim Sackton: and do the same thing. 10 foot reach.
Tim Sackton: that's a 1 and a so that misses, and a 19,
Tim Sackton: so that misses these blinded ones.
Tim Sackton: Are going to just kind of drift.
Tim Sackton: There.
Tim Sackton: there and there! And they'll make attacks. A disadvantage.
Tim Sackton: 20 24. Does that hit 00, no, sorry one. It's with disadvantage. Stop, misses.
Tim Sackton: 19. Does that hit dealt with.
Mike Sackton: Nope.
Tim Sackton: Okay, both attacks Miss Dot. Web.
Tim Sackton: Natural 20. But no, it's actually an 18. Does that an 18 hit Welby.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 18 is wellbees. A/C.
Tim Sackton: Okay. So Welby gets hit.
Tim Sackton: Second attack is a.
Mike Sackton: He, okay?
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Probably not. Welby's like 30 feet up at least.
Tim Sackton: They're flying. These are not okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yep.
Tim Sackton: Okay. So you take 16 points of
Tim Sackton: sorry 10 points of bludgeoning and 6 points of necrotic damage.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yes, Welby is down.
Tim Sackton: And you are grappled and suffocating.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Awesome.
Tim Sackton: Oh, that even misses seeker.
Tim Sackton: 15, what seekers they see?
Tim Sackton: 15. So the second one hits seeker. So seeker, is also grappled and suffocating, and takes.
David S. Kong: In between, a.
Tim Sackton: 20 damage, and that ends their turn dealt with is up.
David S. Kong: Interesting to you. I'm not.
David S. Kong: I'll 1st pause.
Mike Sackton: Okay, we're like this combat's gonna actually take out the party.
Kate Sackton: I was just thinking that.
David S. Kong: What happens then, though.
Mike Sackton: This is not great, so Seeker and Welby are both grappled and suffocating.
Mike Sackton: Damn it,
Mike Sackton: Eek!
Mike Sackton: Can I target some? Can you target a uncon
Mike Sackton: unconscious creature with a spell. You can right.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah.
Mike Sackton: So I could cast, scatter.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I don't see why you couldn't. I mean, you can obviously target them with spells. You can heal them.
Mike Sackton: Right? Right? Right? Right? And wait. You can use multiple metamagics in a turn. Just not
Mike Sackton: multiple Meta magic on the same bow.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: And I can cast a leveled spell and scatter because scatter is not a
Tim Sackton: As long as the moment stalls. A Bonus Act.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, that's what the Metamagic's for.
Tim Sackton: Right.
Mike Sackton: Except I can't.
Mike Sackton: I can't. Okay, I. Okay, let's see. Hold on 30, 25.
Mike Sackton: Okay. Dallas is going to run
Mike Sackton: 1, 2, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5.
Tim Sackton: The scatter have verbal components.
Mike Sackton: I have metamagic.
Tim Sackton: Oh, right!
Mike Sackton: Subtle spell.
Mike Sackton: So no, it does not have verbal Conans, because that's why I was asking if I could use 2 metamagics in a turn. All right.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Mike Sackton: Step one dealt with runs over to here
Mike Sackton: step 2 cast scatter, using a meta.
Tim Sackton: Sorry you take a you take one opportunity attack not from the blinded. Oh, no! That that one already used its reaction. Never mind, you don't take opportunity.
Mike Sackton: And then I'm going to use a sorcery point.
Mike Sackton: And subtle spell or sorry subtle spell is one sorcery point, I believe.
Mike Sackton: Okay, so Scatter goes off.
Mike Sackton: Welby and seeker don't know where you guys want to be.
Tim Sackton: Get Seeker out of the silence.
Mike Sackton: Yep, anywhere within 120 feet.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Get me somewhere that a person can pour a healing potion in my mouth, because I'm unconscious right now.
Mike Sackton: Inside the thing with faldrick.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, that's probably fine.
Tim Sackton: The car is going on top of the roof of the building.
Mike Sackton: Okay, but but I can target 5 people with it. So
Mike Sackton: the next step, wait, can this guy? These guys can all fly right? They're all flying.
Tim Sackton: Every single creature you're fighting was flying.
Kate Sackton: They flew up to our.
Mike Sackton: But the shades aren't right. The shades can't fly.
Tim Sackton: Shades cannot fly.
Mike Sackton: So I'll take this shade. Who's within 30 feet? Drop it off the side. Oh, no, you can't drop things off the side with scatter. Never mind.
Tim Sackton: No.
Mike Sackton: And.
Tim Sackton: We have to have 8 hit point each. Just somebody kill them.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, fine, fine! Fine. I will target the this nasty guy here.
Mike Sackton: Wait! Do I want to do that? Sorry I
Mike Sackton: do.
Mike Sackton: Oh, yes, hold on!
Mike Sackton: If he was right here he wouldn't be in my silence or he wouldn't be. I wouldn't be silenced.
Mike Sackton: Yes, that's what I'm gonna do. I'm gonna target this guy, yeah.
Mike Sackton: And well, I'll have to see if they make their saves. I'll just determine what happens based on whether they make their saves. But I'll target this guy.
Tim Sackton: Where is my safe.
Mike Sackton: Target.
Mike Sackton: It's a whiz. Let me sorry. I believe it's a wisdom, wisdom, save
Mike Sackton: it's either wisdom or charisma. But.
Tim Sackton: Okay. Well.
Mike Sackton: Computer is like.
Tim Sackton: Charisma is better, and he will the 16 for charisma. So he would fail. A wisdom.
Mike Sackton: Wisdom save is 19.
Mike Sackton: And I'm going to target.
Mike Sackton: Oh, that guy's been 30 feet, too.
Mike Sackton: I'm gonna target this guy, too.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: And I'm where should I put them guys really far away?
Mike Sackton: What's what's the move.
Kate Sackton: I guess. Put them together at the edge of the ship as long as you can.
Kate Sackton: I can hit them with a single spell if they stay together.
Mike Sackton: I'm gonna put him 120 feet to the left.
Mike Sackton: I know I can't, because they have to be on solid ground, but I'll
Mike Sackton: put them a hundred, 20 feet.
Kate Sackton: Put him on the edge of.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I don't want to put them at
Mike Sackton: like up here, like on top of the
Mike Sackton: on top of the building up here.
Mike Sackton: Why, well did the other like I make it safe.
Tim Sackton: And.
Mike Sackton: Where do you think I should put him.
Kate Sackton: I was just thinking, I don't want to put them right next to seeker.
Mike Sackton: That's not far enough away.
Mike Sackton: I'm far away from us, right, so they can't just come and attack us next. Turn.
Kate Sackton: Well, I think they can just come and attack a sticker, no matter where you put them, but really.
Kate Sackton: sure it's your spell.
Mike Sackton: I guess I could put them all all the way down here, but then they'll just go after seeker. Wait, can seeker go to the north building instead.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: That's fine. I'll leave it like that.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: But I think it's better if we flip secret goes to the north building. They go all the way to the edge here.
Mike Sackton: So like is basically the the edge of the yeah, exactly. And put seeker and well be moves inside the building, too.
Mike Sackton: Okay, fine. So now I don't need silence. Aura.
Mike Sackton: So I'm going to cast. I'm going to use a metamagic
Mike Sackton: to use a bonus action to cast font of illusion, font of moonlight.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: Which just targets me, but that'll set me up for next turn, and that's all I can do.
Tim Sackton: How wide a radius is that.
Mike Sackton: Font of moonlight is self. It's a 20 foot bright white
Mike Sackton: or 10 foot dim, light 10 foot bright. It doesn't.
Mike Sackton: It just makes my sword, do more damage.
Tim Sackton: That.
Mike Sackton: But the light matters.
Tim Sackton: Radius of the light matters a lot.
Mike Sackton: 20 foot bright light, and an additional 20 feet of dim light.
David S. Kong: What's our plan?
Mike Sackton: That's my turn.
David S. Kong: What's our plan here? What's our strategy? Here, guys.
Mike Sackton: Well.
David S. Kong: How do we survive this.
Mike Sackton: Faldrick is going to ice, storm them to death.
David S. Kong: Oh, yeah, that's right.
Tim Sackton: And I'm about to bring out my pillar of while we make it.
Kate Sackton: Burning.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah. Death saving throw.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Is this just a straight D 20.
Tim Sackton: Just a straight T, 20.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Hey!
Tim Sackton: Oh, I'll be stands back up with one hit point.
David S. Kong: That's what happens when you crit on a debt saving throw.
Tim Sackton: Now that ends your turn. Oh, wait! Sorry! At the end of at the end of Welby's turn.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Wait, did I? I didn't move myself. Where did I get scattered to.
Mike Sackton: You're next to Faldrick.
Tim Sackton: Inside, the.
Mike Sackton: Building.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Got it.
Tim Sackton: Emerging from the shadows and striking suddenly and surprisingly at Kenzo.
David S. Kong: Not surprisingly.
Mike Sackton: How are you doing for hit points, Kenzo.
David S. Kong: I mean better than you guys, 79.
Tim Sackton: This guy.
Mike Sackton: I got 80.
Tim Sackton: Creature rakes its claw.
David S. Kong: I have my reaction now, though right.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: At your turn.
Tim Sackton: Nope it needs. This is before this is. This is
Tim Sackton: actually before. When Dallas turn ends well, Welby is like recovering from his death. Save
Tim Sackton: You take.
David S. Kong: Shit so I don't have my reaction.
Tim Sackton: You don't have your reaction. You take 15 points of slashing plus necrotic damage as it
Tim Sackton: rakes its claw against you, and you need to make a wisdom saving throw.
David S. Kong: 12. But I'm gonna
David S. Kong: spend a key and reroll that.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
David S. Kong: Oh, my God! I rolled a fucking one.
Tim Sackton: The whispers of creeping darkness frighten you and root you to your feet.
Tim Sackton: Your speed is 0 while you're frightened.
Tim Sackton: And you are frightened until the end of your next turn.
David S. Kong: Oh, my!
Tim Sackton: You can still attack.
Tim Sackton: Just your speed is 0.
Tim Sackton: And that ends Welby's turn. Now. It's its actual turn.
Tim Sackton: And it is going to
Tim Sackton: Think it's just gonna it's got you pinned. It's just gonna rend attack. You.
David S. Kong: The taco.
Tim Sackton: You, Kenzo?
Tim Sackton: So just straight rolls. Oh, man, that's bad.
Tim Sackton: 2 attacks missed. The 3rd attack hits.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Good you mean that's good is what you mean.
Tim Sackton: Wait! Wait! I don't get my reaction back until my turn.
Tim Sackton: That's another 1318 points of damage to Kenzo, and that ends the wind shades turn
Tim Sackton: the shades now will run towards.
Tim Sackton: You're not gonna be able to do anything against this one.
Mike Sackton: But they're mindless creatures.
Tim Sackton: They both, Miss Riswin.
Tim Sackton: That ends the shades. Turn. Kenza, you're up. Get your reaction back, you can. You're frightened. So your attacks have disadvantage.
Tim Sackton: But otherwise you can do whatever you want.
David S. Kong: But my speed is 0.
Tim Sackton: Your speed is 0, so you can't run. You're stuck.
David S. Kong: Alright. Hold on! Let me got slow for a second.
David S. Kong: I am going to do the thing where I
David S. Kong: do the thing to myself, why is my stupid web page so slow? Okay, hold on.
David S. Kong: doot doot do.
Tim Sackton: You're only frightened till the end of this turn.
Tim Sackton: That's probably not worth spending action. Oh, wait! Sorry! You're immune to fear. I totally forgot.
David S. Kong: Thank you.
David S. Kong: That's what I totally thought. Wait so so.
Kate Sackton: But.
David S. Kong: Wait. But then- then was I did. Was did. Was there anything that just happens?
Tim Sackton: No, no, because it it just gives you disadvantage. It doesn't get advantage. So it doesn't change its action. You can move if you want. You're immune to fear.
David S. Kong: Alright. So what do you all think? I mean? I guess maybe I'll just attack it a bunch, and then.
Mike Sackton: Just attacking a bunch.
Mike Sackton: I can't even reach it next turn.
David S. Kong: Should I? Should should I?
Mike Sackton: How you.
David S. Kong: Disengage, and then run away.
Mike Sackton: No, no, no, no! Just attack it. A bunch.
David S. Kong: Tim? Is it beat up at all.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, it's I mean, it's not quite bloody, but it's I mean, you've barely hit it right. Nobody has been.
David S. Kong: I mean other than me.
Mike Sackton: I haven't even gotten an attack, and nobody's well, Rizwin, it's.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Things, but not it. I did look. You had points of damage to it.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Melby hit it when it was
Mike Sackton: And Kenzo hit it.
Tim Sackton: In the darkness.
Tim Sackton: When it was resistant to any damage that's not full or psychic or radiant.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Hmm.
David S. Kong: Alright! Well.
Tim Sackton: Also is hitting it in the darkness. But Kenzo conveniently does force damage with his magic fists.
David S. Kong: Wait. Tim, is it? Is he still frightened? He was frightened right.
Tim Sackton: That ends.
Mike Sackton: That ends at the end of its turn.
David S. Kong: Yeah, as you.
David S. Kong: I think, just punch it.
Mike Sackton: I will, I will, and.
David S. Kong: I will, I will. But has he had disadvantage, though this whole time, because he was frightened.
Tim Sackton: He ran away. He didn't.
Tim Sackton: He was frightened.
Tim Sackton: Wait! I gotta look at your ability here.
David S. Kong: I frightened him in the very first.st The very 1st go.
Kate Sackton: Right.
David S. Kong: You should have had to manage this whole this whole time.
Mike Sackton: What was this bad, save, by the way.
David S. Kong: Wisdom.
Mike Sackton: Dax.
Tim Sackton: Deck.
Mike Sackton: That's it.
Tim Sackton: It's good. Say it was.
Mike Sackton: Them.
Tim Sackton: No sorry. It's good save as Dex. It's bad. Wait, did you? Soul cite this? Yeah, it's good, save as Dex. It's bad, save is.
David S. Kong: Wisdom.
Tim Sackton: Intelligence, not wisdom, intelligence.
Mike Sackton: Stuff.
David S. Kong: You, said Wisdom. That's why I did a that's why I did a framing strike.
Tim Sackton: Oh, well, wisdom! Wisdom is better than intelligence, intelligence and wisdom are both low.
David S. Kong: Okay. But, Tim, I mean again, this is but he. He should have been frightened. That whole combat, that he should have had disadvantage, that whole that whole time.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I'm sorry he only hit you once. He probably would have still hit you.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, he would have still hit you, even with disadvantage.
David S. Kong: Alright fine. Well, I'm gonna frighten him again. That bastard.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
David S. Kong: Here we go. Do I have advantage right now or no?
Tim Sackton: No.
David S. Kong: All right. 22 hits right.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
David S. Kong: All right. 15 damage and fighting strike.
David S. Kong: With himself.
Tim Sackton: Again.
David S. Kong: Okay. So now we all remember that he's frightened.
David S. Kong: Second attack.
David S. Kong: 18.
Tim Sackton: 18 hits.
David S. Kong: Nice.
David S. Kong: That does another 10 damage, first, st unarmed strike
David S. Kong: 29 hits! That does another 14 damage.
David S. Kong: Second, unarmed strike.
David S. Kong: That's good. 22 hits that does another
David S. Kong: 10 damage last unarmed. Strike dope 13.
Tim Sackton: Misses. Sorry. What was the the 1st 1? 1st unarmed second, first, st last staff attack?
Tim Sackton: I missed one of your damages.
David S. Kong: How much damage, I think, is 14.
Tim Sackton: Okay, it's definitely looking bloody now. It's beginning to fade around the edges as Kenzo continues to pum
Tim Sackton: And at the end of Kenza's turn, it is again going to Lee.
Mike Sackton: Don't use your reaction.
Tim Sackton: Using, 1st making it a Rand attack which misses horribly and then disappearing behind underneath the ship.
Tim Sackton: But you're not going to use your reaction on it right.
David S. Kong: I will not. I'm gonna save it. So I don't take more damage from the next attack.
Tim Sackton: Okay, this. Let's see, it is now end of Kenza's turn. It is now their turn.
Tim Sackton: This one is going to.
Tim Sackton: Oh, it doesn't really want to get too close to the bite.
Tim Sackton: Well, it still wants to put out there.
Tim Sackton: We'll deal with. That was later. It's gonna teleport here. Deal with. Make a
Mike Sackton: Hmm!
Mike Sackton: It's teleport. It's not messy. Stepping clearly.
Tim Sackton: Not miss this stepping.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: Awesome.
Mike Sackton: Wisdom.
Tim Sackton: Oh, I have way too many windows open. I lost where it's stack block is.
Tim Sackton: There it is. It is a constitution saving.
Mike Sackton: Yep.
Mike Sackton: I rolled a wisdom save.
Tim Sackton: Okay? Well, you still didn't succeed. Whether it was direct.
Tim Sackton: You take 15 points of necrotic damage and you are blinded until the start of your turn.
Tim Sackton: and these 2 lights go out.
Tim Sackton: but that's its action.
Tim Sackton: It will still. Oh, wait! Who's immune to it?
Tim Sackton: Riswin hasn't been hit by its emanating aura yet. So, Riswin, go ahead and make a wisdom saving throw
Tim Sackton: I can't reach. That's too bad.
Tim Sackton: You take 10 points of psychic damage, and you are now immune to its horror. Nimbus
Tim Sackton: however, you also need to make a constitution savings Row.
Tim Sackton: As this light goes out. It is now, basically, except for dealt with light, it is almost entirely dark, so everybody can only see things within 60 feet of them. The range of their
Tim Sackton: or 120 feet if you're razwind. But Razwyn is now blind until the start of her next turn.
Mike Sackton: No, if I have a hundred, 20 foot dark fish.
Tim Sackton: Dealt with. Okay? And you also take 15 points of necrotic damage.
Kate Sackton: Fun.
Tim Sackton: And that ends their turn.
Tim Sackton: So next up is Falderick, who pulls down the ice turret next round he's shooting bullets,
Tim Sackton: And that. And Frederick, so Riswin is up.
Tim Sackton: your blindness goes away, shake the shadows out of your eyes.
Tim Sackton: And.
Kate Sackton: I was only blind to the start of my turn.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Kate Sackton: Oh, thank goodness!
Tim Sackton: You are in the silence, aura, you cannot cast spells with verbal components.
Tim Sackton: I mean, you could run out of the silent sourum right out of it.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, that was gonna be the plan.
Kate Sackton: Yeah. So.
Tim Sackton: Sorry. Welby is still dying. Oh, no, he's on his feet because he will.
Mike Sackton: No, he's on his feet.
Kate Sackton: Because he wrote.
Tim Sackton: Got one hit point.
Kate Sackton: All right.
Tim Sackton: Speaker is next.
Kate Sackton: Next to do something not next to die.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, seeker is going to do a lot. Finally.
Kate Sackton: Okay, I am going to
Kate Sackton: move out of the silent zone.
Mike Sackton: But we don't know where this guy is right. The big guy's hidden.
Tim Sackton: Do not know where the big guy is. The big guy is hidden.
Kate Sackton: There!
Mike Sackton: I mean, do you have a 20 foot radius spell? That would be pretty good.
Kate Sackton: Don't!
Mike Sackton: Best bet, I think, or more is fine.
Kate Sackton: Are you wounded at all dealt with.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Great mouth.
Kate Sackton: Okay. Well.
Kate Sackton: I think I'm just gonna put my pillar on that guy then, so that it can heal you and hurt him.
Mike Sackton: Oh, you have a okay? Sure?
Kate Sackton: Because it's a 10 foot radius pillar, and I can't do any. There's no 2.
Mike Sackton: Sure. Yeah.
Kate Sackton: Yes.
Mike Sackton: Yep.
Kate Sackton: Close to each other, so.
Mike Sackton: That's fine!
Kate Sackton: Just do that. So I'm going to cast conjure Celestial.
Kate Sackton: which is that friendly pillar from the upper plains that has a healing light for a
Kate Sackton: hurting light, depending on whether I like you or not.
Kate Sackton: So there! It's a deck saving throw.
Tim Sackton: How big is that.
Kate Sackton: 1010, but.
Mike Sackton: Like that basically.
Kate Sackton: It's a 40 foot tall pillar if that helps.
Tim Sackton: I just wanna know how many squares it covers.
Kate Sackton: Just 10, foot.
Mike Sackton: But.
Tim Sackton: How much does it heal?
Tim Sackton: So you're putting it like, right there. Basically.
Tim Sackton: I'm sorry. 10 foot radius. That's only a 5 foot.
Kate Sackton: Not 20 foot.
Mike Sackton: No, I'm just looking at my turn.
Kate Sackton: Oh, I'm sorry!
Tim Sackton: So you're putting it like right there.
Tim Sackton: Sorry, right there.
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Okay? Deck saving throw.
Kate Sackton: Deck saving throw.
Kate Sackton: The healing is 4 d. 12 plus my spellcasting ability, modifier and.
Tim Sackton: Okay, that guy fails the deck saving, too.
Kate Sackton: So he takes 60, 12.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, it rolled it for you.
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Okay? 30 seconds.
Mike Sackton: How much was the healing your your roles are set to Private Kate. We can't see what you roll.
Kate Sackton: Oh, I thought Tim's could see this.
Tim Sackton: I can.
Mike Sackton: Tim can see them, but nobody else can.
Kate Sackton: 30 healing. I rolled 30 healing.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Kate Sackton: Okay, that's helpful.
Mike Sackton: Thank you.
Kate Sackton: You're welcome.
Tim Sackton: Okay, that ends Resmond's turn.
Kate Sackton: Yep.
Tim Sackton: Okay, seeker, in the voice of a fey lady is going to shout
Tim Sackton: and a take that and a
Tim Sackton: massive how big is it. Maybe it's not massive. It's only medium.
Tim Sackton: An iron construct is going to appear and start pummeling this blinded shadow creature with advantage.
Tim Sackton: That is going to be 4 attacks, all with spell attack so plus 10 now.
Tim Sackton: but it will turn so that's 1820.
Tim Sackton: Hat hat hat hit all 4 of the attacks hit as seeker's metal construct, begins pummeling on this
Tim Sackton: this cloud, this shade of darkness.
Tim Sackton: and all 4 of those attacks do a total of 48, plus 1248, plus 48
Tim Sackton: do a total of 60 points of damage. As this thing is clearly bloodied at this point.
Mike Sackton: Wait the 60 points of damage and kill one of these shades. Wow! That's scary.
Tim Sackton: I mean, they're UN.
Tim Sackton: Oh, these guys were. Only we're not super damaged.
Mike Sackton: Sure.
Tim Sackton: A good chunk of hit points.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: E, and then, using his bonus action, the ladder.
David S. Kong: Here's the call of duty.
Tim Sackton: Yes, we need to, friends.
Tim Sackton: I'll save you guys.
David S. Kong: Turn the side.
Tim Sackton: Doesn't do nearly as much damage, but still
Tim Sackton: oh, no! It rolled a 2. 0, it has advantage because it's blind, not any better.
Tim Sackton: The latter unfortunately misses and kind of shrugs its shoulders like I guess it's on you.
Tim Sackton: These shades now get to attack
Tim Sackton: with disadvantage because they're blind. They're just gonna attack. What's next to them misses the construct, misses the construct.
Tim Sackton: misses the construct, hits the construct.
Tim Sackton: But I think there's something that happens when gets hit.
Tim Sackton: Oh, and Seeker will also give inspiration to
Tim Sackton: Wabi still has it to.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, we're the closest woman construct.
Tim Sackton: So this thing that hits the construct takes 6 points of fire damage
Tim Sackton: and screeches as the construct. Yeah, it's het.
Tim Sackton: and that ends seekers now that ends these ones. But these 3 0, they get to roll, to resist blindness
Tim Sackton: now fail, still blind. This one is just going to kind of wander aimlessly.
Tim Sackton: 1st thing it bumps into is Rizwyn. So it's going to attack rizwin.
Tim Sackton: That's a miss that's a miss.
Tim Sackton: These 2 are closing in on Kenzo do not have disadvantage.
Mike Sackton: Can you move your pillar, Kate?
Kate Sackton: Yep, that's what I plan to do for the rest of this battle.
Tim Sackton: And that is or oh,
Tim Sackton: Actually, these ones can see.
Tim Sackton: So Rizwin and Kenzo, both of you have to make wisdom. Saving throws.
Kate Sackton: Do I have to be in the dark for the next?
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Oh, well, they are in the dark.
Kate Sackton: It was in the dark.
David S. Kong: Tim
Tim Sackton: Right.
David S. Kong: The 17 succeed.
Kate Sackton: Well, Delworth's not in the dark.
Mike Sackton: Nope.
Tim Sackton: No 17 succeeds.
Kate Sackton: Sorry. What sorry I was just being
Kate Sackton: difficult. What? What kind of say, did you say.
Tim Sackton: A wisdom saving, throw.
Kate Sackton: Well, that's better.
Tim Sackton: For a moment you see eyes form in these clouds and glare at you. And you feel like
Tim Sackton: footstep. The sound of footsteps in the dark creeping behind you, but you shake it off, and neither of you are affected.
Tim Sackton: By this. Now do it all again, as the second one also does that.
David S. Kong: We've been another wisdom saving throw.
Tim Sackton: Our wisdom, save.
David S. Kong: Nice, 27.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. Okay.
Tim Sackton: They're not getting to you that ends their turn dealt with. You're up.
Mike Sackton: Okay, 1st thing, I will hit this guy standing right in front of me with my sword.
Mike Sackton: That hits! I assume there's a 17 hit.
Tim Sackton: A 17 just misses.
Mike Sackton: I will. That's okay. I can.
Tim Sackton: You have inspiration.
Mike Sackton: Oh, no, I'm gonna I have lots of things I could do, but I think I want to save it for saves.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: So 2 hits, 2D. 8 plus 5 plus 2D. 6.
Mike Sackton: So 17 and 26.
Tim Sackton: Okay. It's bloody.
Mike Sackton: Some of that's radiant. If it matters, does it matter.
Tim Sackton: It's not in. Oh, wait the no, it doesn't.
Tim Sackton: There's any.
Mike Sackton: I mean it's in bright white.
Tim Sackton: Fire, none of us cold fire or lightning. They.
Mike Sackton: No, it's radiant and.
Tim Sackton: And slashing, slashing.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, okay.
Mike Sackton: Okay, then I'm gonna move out of the silence radius.
Mike Sackton: I can't.
Mike Sackton: 1, 2, 3 for 5.
Mike Sackton: Then I'm going to use a bonus action to.
Tim Sackton: That lights up the battlefield over here.
Tim Sackton: Go ahead!
Mike Sackton: Then I'm then I'm using a bonus action to cast synaptic static.
Mike Sackton: So I need to go tick off a thing. But that's gonna go right here.
Mike Sackton: Oh, wait!
Mike Sackton: That's gonna go right.
Tim Sackton: Okay. The shades vanish in place.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I can get. I can get everybody. I can get all of these guys right. So it's gonna go right there.
Tim Sackton: Need to save.
Mike Sackton: It's Int. DC. 19.
Mike Sackton: When he succeeds. 17 fails.
Tim Sackton: 13 fails.
Mike Sackton: So they take row 86.
Mike Sackton: They take 25 damage, half on a success. Anybody who failed has a minus one d. 6 on all of their attacks and ability, checks.
Tim Sackton: Okay, are you doing anything else.
Mike Sackton: That was my move, my bonus action, my action. So Nope.
Tim Sackton: Okay. When you end your turn. These are gonna both are gonna use the reactions to teleport
Tim Sackton: next to you.
Tim Sackton: make 2 constitution saving throws.
Mike Sackton: 17.
Tim Sackton: Seeds.
Mike Sackton: And no weapon.
Tim Sackton: 11 fails.
Tim Sackton: You take 14 points of necrotic damage, and you're blinded till the start of your next turn.
Mike Sackton: Are these guys badly hurt at all?
Tim Sackton: One of them's almost dead. The other one has only been hit by.
Tim Sackton: has it? What's it been hit by.
Mike Sackton: Wow! Half damage from this desk.
Tim Sackton: That's it. The only thing has been hit by is half damage from.
Mike Sackton: All right.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: That ends your turn.
Tim Sackton: Welby, you're up.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Awesome.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I'm gonna shoot a lightning arrow.
Tim Sackton: Wow! You've got a really beautiful line.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I.
Tim Sackton: Don't hit don't get dealt with.
Tim Sackton: You gotta move it over to avoid dealt with.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): You could get both of them if you also hit deal with.
Mike Sackton: How much damage does it do.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): It's like 48. It's not terrible.
Mike Sackton: 48.
Mike Sackton: It's probably I have 81 hit points.
Tim Sackton: Did you make your concentration check for the.
Mike Sackton: Oh, I forgot about it.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Who's this closer to me? In the middle of next to the ladder.
Tim Sackton: That's a come on.
Tim Sackton: You have advantage.
Mike Sackton: I know. I rolled a 2 a second time.
Tim Sackton: You can.
Tim Sackton: You can burn one of your.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I'm going to. I'm going to.
Mike Sackton: It does not feel like we're in a good good shape here.
Tim Sackton: The iron, the iron golem can totally take the head if you lightning it, and it won't.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Iron. Goal. Awesome.
Tim Sackton: That seeker's metal construct. It's got like 80 hit points or something ridiculous like that.
Tim Sackton: And I'm sort of assuming like there's a door more or less in the middle that I can shoot directly out of without.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Even moving from where I am awesome. I'm going to do that. I'm going to take steady aim at the farthest
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): darkness sky and.
Tim Sackton: I guess.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): fire!
Tim Sackton: Okay, 26 hits.
Tim Sackton: Sorry. I forgot what lightning arrow does. It does lightning damage to everybody on the path. And then it does extra lightning damage to the when it hits.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah, let me read it real quick. So it's
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Each creature in a line must make a DC 15 deck, save taking 46 on failure, half on success.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And then the target also takes weapon damage plus 46 lightning damage.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): So there's weapon damage.
Tim Sackton: 29, plus.
Tim Sackton: Okay. So.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): 12 is 41 plus 14 is 55 on the the bottom. Most shadow Guy.
Tim Sackton: 55. Okay?
Tim Sackton: okay.
Tim Sackton: And then I think they don't have great effects. Oh, that's a natural 20. That's 60 owl Dow.
Tim Sackton: So closest one succeeds fail, fail, Bell.
Tim Sackton: and then the last one doesn't get a deck, save it just gets hit right, or does. It gets save.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): No, no, save just takes it.
Tim Sackton: So it's 14 lightning damage to everybody in the path
Tim Sackton: failed except for the closest guy who takes 7 and that ends Bobby's turn.
Mike Sackton: Thing dies.
Tim Sackton: Nothing dies.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Nothing.
Tim Sackton: The damage damage has been pretty spread out. There's a bunch of people who are oh,
Tim Sackton: There's some.
Mike Sackton: The shadow guys have taken, like almost a hundred points of damage.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Mike Sackton: That's scary. You have a thousand hit points of damage on the board.
Tim Sackton: You guys are.
Mike Sackton: All right. Wow!
Tim Sackton: Hi!
Tim Sackton: The silence aura vanishes.
Tim Sackton: bonus you took steady aim. So you used your bonus action. Okay, so this thing.
Tim Sackton: It's really this fright is really troubling.
Tim Sackton: Okay,
Tim Sackton: You still don't see where the giant creature is that's frightened of Kenzo.
Tim Sackton: The shades are dead. Kenzo, you're up.
David S. Kong: So the main guy is hiding someplace.
Tim Sackton: Hiding someplace. You haven't seen him. The guys who are the most wounded is
David S. Kong: Which one.
Tim Sackton: This one here.
Tim Sackton: And this one. All 3 of these
Tim Sackton: next to you, are fairly wounded. This guy is still close, almost at full health. He's just gotten hit by synaptic static.
David S. Kong: This is crazy! Alright!
Tim Sackton: Everybody else is pretty badly weak.
David S. Kong: 6.
Tim Sackton: Most regions.
David S. Kong: I'm gonna go to town on the one next to me. That is the most wounded kind of lower left. This guy.
Tim Sackton: Yep. Yep.
David S. Kong: All right. What's what's their what's their weaknesses?
Tim Sackton: You never soul sighted one of these shadow clouds.
David S. Kong: Off southside him.
Tim Sackton: They are immune to charmed exhaustion, frightened, paralyzed, petrified, poisoned, stunned, unconscious, and poison damage and resist necrotic insanity.
David S. Kong: What about charm?
Tim Sackton: Yeah. Chunk.
Mike Sackton: Need to trim.
David S. Kong: Oh, they're they're also immunocharm.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, their bad save is int their good, save is strength.
David S. Kong: So they're they're immune to fright, charm.
Tim Sackton: Immune to everything you can do. They're immune to stun as well. If you want to mess somebody up, it's got to be somebody else.
David S. Kong: Well, whatever, I'm gonna just.
Mike Sackton: I would just spread out your I mean attack, and then, if you kill it, move to the next one, and then, if you kill it, move to the next one, right.
David S. Kong: 13 damage on my 1st attack. Tim.
David S. Kong: Second attack, second staff attack 20.
David S. Kong: Presuming that hits.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah.
David S. Kong: That does another 16.
David S. Kong: How's it looking.
Tim Sackton: Hurt, not dead.
David S. Kong: Jeez all right. 1st unarmed. Strike 15.
Tim Sackton: 15 misses.
David S. Kong: Second unarmed strike 19.
Tim Sackton: Our heads.
David S. Kong: That does another 7 damage last unarmed, strike
David S. Kong: 28 hits, and that does another 13 damage.
Tim Sackton: Close, but still not down. It's beginning to play at the edges.
David S. Kong: How.
Mike Sackton: Badly wounded guy. So, Tim, are you? Are you sure this is a balanced fight?
David S. Kong: Wow! How say he was good?
Tim Sackton: Badly wounded.
Tim Sackton: just more wounded than anybody else. 3 of them are still blind, and have barely done any damage. The big monster has not been able to attack you. You really got to take out the 2
Tim Sackton: shadow Fey.
David S. Kong: That.
Tim Sackton: And Kenzo that brings us to the shadow. Fae, who are going to attack, daweth
Tim Sackton: 22 is that it.
Mike Sackton: I will, I will cast, shield.
Tim Sackton: 23. Does that hit.
Mike Sackton: Nope, not with shield.
Tim Sackton: 28.
Mike Sackton: That does hit.
Tim Sackton: 19 would have missed anyway.
Tim Sackton: 20 and 24 does 24 hit with shield.
Mike Sackton: Nope. 2526, A/C. With shield.
Tim Sackton: Okay. So you take one hat.
Tim Sackton: I mean, they've only got a plus 10 to hit. They're not like but that hit does
Tim Sackton: 11.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Tim Sackton: 1419 points of damage split between necrotic and psychic, which I don't think matters.
Mike Sackton: No, but it's No. 19. So oh, okay. So I'm okay with a 12 on my contract.
Tim Sackton: And then everybody is immune to their horror or aura at this point.
Tim Sackton: So they're not even gonna bother
Tim Sackton: That ends their turn.
Tim Sackton: Faldrick.
Tim Sackton: Let's see, this is round. 3 ice cannon comes up.
Tim Sackton: Is going to make 4 attacks on the most wounded of the shades.
Tim Sackton: Oof mess mess at what's the plus of the ice cannon.
Mike Sackton: I do not.
Tim Sackton: I'm looking it up.
Tim Sackton: Oh, it's 8! 0, it's a spell attack! You really need seeker on this not fall track.
Tim Sackton: But he gets 8, he gets 8. So one hit so far, oh, natural 20.
Tim Sackton: Those both had. Okay. So he gets 3, 4,
Tim Sackton: 4 hit and one was a crit. So 2D. 6
Tim Sackton: were hit. So 8 d. 6, 10 d. 6 damage.
Mike Sackton: See attacking the badly hurt Shadow Fei.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, that kills it.
Tim Sackton: Icicles rain down and kill the shadows.
Mike Sackton: Uldrick.
Tim Sackton: That ends Faldrick's turn. Rizwyn.
Tim Sackton: this one's wounded, this one's wounded, this one's still not that wounded.
Tim Sackton: This one's wounded, this one's not that wounded.
Tim Sackton: The big monster is both pretty wounded, and oh! Not frightened any longer, but still hidden.
Tim Sackton: What's resin doing.
Kate Sackton: I'm
Kate Sackton: moving out of the. I think I need to use my voice to move the thing, but I also need to move to move. Anyway, I'm moving my thing.
Tim Sackton: Where are you moving it to?
Kate Sackton: I think I'm going to put it.
Kate Sackton: Can I drag it? No.
Tim Sackton: And try and make it so you can drink it.
Mike Sackton: Is it? It's Rizwyn. Shadows dealt with.
Mike Sackton: Ken's out right.
Tim Sackton: Riswin seeker shadows, delicate.
Kate Sackton: I was thinking something like that to get these 2 boogers.
Tim Sackton: You guys really gotta concentrate fire on the things that are hurt. You can't let. You can't attack the 2 things that aren't wounded. You gotta concentrate on the things that are hurt to get them out.
Mike Sackton: Actually you should drag it here. He'll Kenzo and kill those 2 things.
Kate Sackton: Sure.
Tim Sackton: Well, this one's not really wounded at all. This one is pretty wounded. You're very like.
Kate Sackton: Keep saying this one, and I am seeing no indication of anything.
Tim Sackton: See the pings.
Mike Sackton: Now they the the it's being delayed. The ping.
Tim Sackton: Exactly are slow.
Kate Sackton: It happens a lot slower than you think. So we see it like one.
Tim Sackton: I'll put oh, can you see that? Okay. The ones that have Red X's are
Tim Sackton: the ones that you can visibly see are are bloodied.
Kate Sackton: I can't move it that far. It doesn't move.
Mike Sackton: Well it, and you can move at 30.
Kate Sackton: Yes.
Mike Sackton: I mean, you can put it at the top.
Kate Sackton: All right. I guess one of those has a red x. So that's better than all right. Fine.
Kate Sackton: That's where I'm doing it over by the iron constructs right here.
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Okay, they both fail their save. What is it? A. DC. 18.
Tim Sackton: Okay, they both fail. They're safe.
Kate Sackton: All right. Do I reroll the damage?
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Kate Sackton: Did that go through for you.
Tim Sackton: I didn't see anything.
Kate Sackton: Well, oh, it was very slow. 43.
Tim Sackton: Okay, that kills this one.
Tim Sackton: This one also failed. This one is now bloodied.
Tim Sackton: Is that your action to move it.
Kate Sackton: Oh!
Kate Sackton: How do I know that.
Tim Sackton: It would say.
Mike Sackton: Say in the smell.
Tim Sackton: Under the spell.
Kate Sackton: Says.
Kate Sackton: until when you move on your turn, you also move the cylinder 30 feet.
Mike Sackton: No, so it's not your action.
Tim Sackton: Takes neither your action nor your bonus. Action.
Kate Sackton: Okay, awesome. So then I.
Mike Sackton: So you can cast a spell.
Kate Sackton: Well, I mean hitting things did fairly well coming from somebody else. Why don't I just wail on this guy? And he's damaged next to Penzo.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: Do I do? A shatterstorm attack.
Kate Sackton: except they rolled terribly. The 17 hit.
Tim Sackton: Yup!
Kate Sackton: Okay. Great.
Tim Sackton: I I didn't see any dice come through there.
Kate Sackton: I know don't know.
Tim Sackton: Oh, you can see how much damage Riswin did.
Tim Sackton: Seeker is going to now, 1st of all,
Tim Sackton: using still using concentration. But we'll cast a 7th level rune of psychic disruption targeting 120 feet.
Tim Sackton: That's going to target.
Tim Sackton: This guy needs to make an intelligent saving throw.
Tim Sackton: Well.
Mike Sackton: Hi, next.
Tim Sackton: You know the shades are next, which.
Mike Sackton: The shades are next.
Tim Sackton: Which fails, so, as Seeker calls out the name of this shade. Revenant says.
Tim Sackton: Take that he takes 35 points of damage and is incapacitated until the start of
Tim Sackton: Seeker's next turn, so that will knock him out from his next turn.
Tim Sackton: I'm not going to use an X for that. I'm going to use
Tim Sackton: the little red dot up there.
Tim Sackton: And then the pummeling begins, hat, hat hat mess, so that's
Tim Sackton: 3d. 8 plus 36.
Tim Sackton: That kills this thing.
Tim Sackton: 34 damage does not. Oh, no, wait a minute.
Tim Sackton: You're attacking the wound. This one here right.
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: That does not quite kill that.
Kate Sackton: Well, I tried.
Tim Sackton: You have a well, okay.
Tim Sackton: That ends Rizon's turn that ends seeker's turn.
Tim Sackton: These 3 are going to close in on Kenzo and Rizwyn.
Tim Sackton: 2119, and 18 against Riswin. Do any of those hit?
Tim Sackton: 2119 and 18? Now those are all too low.
Tim Sackton: 2923, and 14, against Kenzo.
David S. Kong: Wait, how much?
Tim Sackton: This is the what's your A/C, 20. Okay? So 2 attacks hit Kenzo.
Tim Sackton: The 1st one strikes for 18 points of damage.
David S. Kong: Except it doesn't.
Tim Sackton: Kenzo swings up and blocks the shadowy arm that appeals appears.
Mike Sackton: Can't you redirect it back.
Tim Sackton: You can redirect it to anybody within.
Mike Sackton: Oh, yeah, get the damaged one.
David S. Kong: Yeah, I will do the damage. One.
Tim Sackton: So it has to make a deck saving throw. Is that right?
David S. Kong: Next saving, throw. 17, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Bells.
David S. Kong: Hell, yeah, 2D 10 plus 5 damage rolled.
Mike Sackton: I'll make them punch each other. Go, Kenzo.
David S. Kong: 20 damage.
Tim Sackton: Hanzo ducks out of the way and grabs the sort of shadowy fist of the creature that's swinging at you.
Tim Sackton: and redirects it towards the other creature who then vanishes.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, who that?
Tim Sackton: Right? Because they still do bludgeoning? Yes, so it's then vanishes.
Tim Sackton: The second attack, however, still penetrates and hits Kenzo.
Kate Sackton: Can I just say that you asked me if I was gonna do something like you were hinting that I should do something with my bonus action, and I was trying to figure out if I could do healing word as a bonus action.
Mike Sackton: Thanks.
Tim Sackton: Can. So you do want to healing towards somebody.
Kate Sackton: Can we just say that I, healing words.
Kate Sackton: healing Kenzo? Before he went into this lurry of.
Tim Sackton: The second hit hits you for 19 plus 5, 24 points of bludgeoning necrotic damage, and you are now grappled and suffocating.
David S. Kong: Who is.
Tim Sackton: Henzo.
David S. Kong: Wait. No, I'm not.
David S. Kong: What happened. Why, why am I? Grappled.
Mike Sackton: China was engulfing you.
Tim Sackton: The shadow is engulfing you. It hit you twice.
David S. Kong: I don't. I don't get to make a save.
Tim Sackton: Nope. At the end of your next turn you can make a save to escape.
David S. Kong: Wait!
Kate Sackton: However, you do have 27 more hit points.
Tim Sackton: Yell yourself 27 hit points.
Mike Sackton: All right. Dulla's turn.
Tim Sackton: Yup Dallas turn.
Mike Sackton: I still can't see the big bad right.
Tim Sackton: Nobody can currently see the big, bad.
Mike Sackton: Okay, I will just attack Guy next to me, who is in.
Tim Sackton: Thing is, you've got advantage on all your attacks.
Mike Sackton: I was gonna ask if I did have that.
Mike Sackton: Okay, this is being way, too. My computer is like, super slow. I'm just gonna roll with actual dice, 19 and 5.
Mike Sackton: So 19 plus 11, I'm sure that hits 22 will hit right? So I'm just gonna roll a second. Well, I rolled up my my advantage roll on the 22 was a 1. So that doesn't, who cares? And then my 3rd attack
Mike Sackton: is a 20 I mean a 10. So plus 10 is 20, just 20.
Mike Sackton: That is same.
Mike Sackton: Okay, do you need the damage split out? For some reason.
Tim Sackton: You are doing. What kind of.
Mike Sackton: Radiant, and I'm doing radiant and.
Tim Sackton: They're only immune from poison and resistant.
Mike Sackton: So I hit with 3 hits.
Mike Sackton: So that's okay.
Mike Sackton: 50. Wow. That's a lot of ones. 52 damage.
Tim Sackton: Oh! Bloodied.
Mike Sackton: How's he looking? What.
Tim Sackton: What did?
Mike Sackton: Okay,
Mike Sackton: I can't see the big bad, so I can't curse him. I don't have anything super else useful to do with my bonus section. I don't have any good spells.
Mike Sackton: Oh, you know what, maybe. And I don't want to use my slot.
Mike Sackton: Actually, actually, you know, what can I smite him
Mike Sackton: on one of those it hits.
Tim Sackton: Sure.
Mike Sackton: So that's an additional 6, 68 damage. So 21 more.
Tim Sackton: Okay, that ends that was turned. Welby's up.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): I am going to
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): shoot somebody who's the most damaged.
Tim Sackton: Currently, definitely the one that done with just did a ton of damage to.
Mike Sackton: I'm also gonna move over here to put more people in the light.
Tim Sackton: The other 2 are have not been that hurt, but this one here is both blinded and static, so has a really hard time hitting anybody.
Tim Sackton: and so exceeded on its acts against anything it saves, it gets to defeat them.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Oh, wait! So the blinded one is more or less dim.
Tim Sackton: Blinded one is more damaged, but.
Mike Sackton: It's also prone, Tim. Not that it super matters, but.
Tim Sackton: This one is prone.
Mike Sackton: One I hit.
Tim Sackton: That gives disadvantage.
Mike Sackton: Well, I don't have to make them. I won't make them from then.
Tim Sackton: Okay, it's up to me whether I get yes, it's
Tim Sackton: this one here is not, that is, more wounded, but is also blind and confused by synaptic static. So it's really hard for it to do anything, because it rolls with disadvantage and minus Wendy 6
Tim Sackton: awesome.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Let's like one has to deal with.
Mike Sackton: Shoot the one I just did 70 points of damage on.
Tim Sackton: Now it's.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Some.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): That's 38.
Tim Sackton: Definitely on its last legs. Not quite dead.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: The finally having recovered from fright.
Tim Sackton: And no, it really doesn't want to go.
Tim Sackton: Oh, poor seeker!
Mike Sackton: Flat man.
Mike Sackton: That's not where we want it.
Tim Sackton: Is going to make 3 attacks against seeker with advantage because it was hidden.
Tim Sackton: Had had hat.
Tim Sackton: That's
Tim Sackton: plus.
Tim Sackton: That's 47 points of damage on seeker and seeker needs to make 3 farm saves with advantage
Tim Sackton: just barely succeeds to keep his constructs alive.
Tim Sackton: And how much damage was that point 7 but falls unconscious.
Tim Sackton: So other kinds.
Mike Sackton: Yikes.
Tim Sackton: That's.
Mike Sackton: So like falls unconscious like is needs to be healed because he's making death face.
Tim Sackton: Yup!
Mike Sackton: Okay.
David S. Kong: Who is this?
Tim Sackton: Sure.
Mike Sackton: Oh, my goodness!
Mike Sackton: Took out Zika!
Tim Sackton: There!
David S. Kong: Seeker is now like killed more than me. I think I think seeker.
Tim Sackton: Kenza's up.
David S. Kong: This is the longest combat we've like ever had ever this for like hours. How is this still going on?
Mike Sackton: They all to our damage.
Tim Sackton: This is only the. This is only the beginning of the 4th round.
Tim Sackton: and you've mostly cleared them. It's just the big guy was hiding for a while to deal with Kenzo's fright.
David S. Kong: Which which one is is weakest next to me right now.
Tim Sackton: Sorry. This guy's.
Mike Sackton: If you could, if you could. I mean, if you could kill the guy who's making the
Mike Sackton: shadow or the silence aura, that would be helpful.
Tim Sackton: Sorry I meant after the end of Delwith's turn all the damage you did. The silence. Aura goes away.
Mike Sackton: Ow.
Tim Sackton: Disappears when they drop below. 30 hit points.
David S. Kong: So, which one next to me is weakest. Tim.
Tim Sackton: You probably want to kill the one that's
Tim Sackton: you probably want to kill the one that's like
Tim Sackton: I mean the one that the one that's
Tim Sackton: this, this, neither one of these are particularly damaged. But this one.
Mike Sackton: This guy is super hurt. Red X kill the guy with the red X.
David S. Kong: Okay.
David S. Kong: But if I move over, do I get opportunity to text.
Tim Sackton: Well, the blinded one can't do opportunity attacks against you. The other one.
Mike Sackton: What's your reach?
David S. Kong: Oh, I can lend gals, claw it. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Then you can.
Mike Sackton: And if you don't weave its reach you don't get enough, can move around.
Tim Sackton: You don't take opportunity tax.
Tim Sackton: you won't take opportunity tax plus. They all have disadvantage and opportunity attacks against you, anyway, because of your mobile feed.
David S. Kong: Well, I also can reach it anyways. But yeah.
Mike Sackton: F.
David S. Kong: With laying out claw, which I am stupid for not turning on.
Tim Sackton: The reason this fight is so much harder is all the other times you like
Tim Sackton: beef up. You turn on all your ability.
Mike Sackton: I know, I know.
Tim Sackton: Magic items, and this time you were like, let's just fight them.
David S. Kong: Holy. Okay, wait! Wait! Hold on! Hold on! Hold on where the heck is, my stupid tattoo. Oh, here it is. Soul tattoo. Okay, great
Tim Sackton: 26 extra damage and make you reach 15 feet.
David S. Kong: Okay.
David S. Kong: Oh, my God, why do I? Why do I not do that? I always forget so dumb? Okay, well, I'll just punch them directly from here. Right. I've got 50.
Tim Sackton: Hi guys.
David S. Kong: All right. So all this is now all punches right.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, all punches.
David S. Kong: Okay, so 1, st one, 22.
Tim Sackton: That hits.
David S. Kong: 6 damage and
David S. Kong: So that's 8. 1st attack.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
David S. Kong: Second attack, 17.
Tim Sackton: That hits.
David S. Kong: That is 15 plus.
Tim Sackton: He is dead!
David S. Kong: Oh, nice hell! Yeah, great
David S. Kong: love that we'll love that for us, all right. Which yes, which which one is weaker next to me.
Tim Sackton: You can basically ignore the one that has the red and the blue dot next to it, because it's basically never going to be able to hit you.
David S. Kong: All right, so I will go after the next 1 3rd unarmed. Strike.
Tim Sackton: And maybe you should try studying it. For example.
David S. Kong: Well, this one, this one.
Tim Sackton: These are the ones that are immune to stunned.
David S. Kong: They'remune to all my stuff.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
David S. Kong: So that one does 10 plus
David S. Kong: so that does 14 damage.
David S. Kong: 4, th unarmed. Strike 25 hits. That does 7 plus
David S. Kong: 4. This has 11 damage, and then last unarmed. Strike.
David S. Kong: Crits!
Tim Sackton: Nice.
David S. Kong: That does 17 plus 2D. 6.
Mike Sackton: Yep.
Tim Sackton: Yup!
David S. Kong: And only 5. So 22 damage.
Tim Sackton: Okay, this one's looking hurt. And now, Faldrick, like I got you seeker
Tim Sackton: and 8 icicle blasts are gonna come flying down on the shadow monster's head.
Tim Sackton: Natural, 20 natural one only the natural 20 hits on that one.
Tim Sackton: Hit hit natural one so actually just exactly the same as before.
Tim Sackton: This one is not resistant to cold damage. So that's 90 sex.
Tim Sackton: that's a that's a terrible problem.
Tim Sackton: I don't got you seeker.
Tim Sackton: Somebody get Seeker Reswyn. You're up.
Kate Sackton: I'm up I'll get seeger.
Kate Sackton: So I move my fabulous little bubble to seeker, and the bad guy the big bad.
Kate Sackton: and then I roll, I conjure celestial damage again.
Tim Sackton: That's probably gonna kill him.
Kate Sackton: So that's 27 healing for seeker and 30 damage for big Guy.
Tim Sackton: But 27 healing per sequel is ridiculous.
Tim Sackton: Seekhar thanks you.
Tim Sackton: And now you still have your action and your bonus action.
Kate Sackton: Yes, I do.
Kate Sackton: So I am going to move myself over to hit the sky with shatterstorm.
Kate Sackton: See if this works this time.
Kate Sackton: 22.
Tim Sackton: That hits it's still something's broken with the shire storm. Damage thing! I don't know what's.
Kate Sackton: Clearly.
Kate Sackton: Look at me. Typing stuff.
Tim Sackton: 45 on! Who on this guy.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, the the one who's actually alert.
Tim Sackton: Okay, he's he's wounded now, too.
Tim Sackton: Seeker, it's now seeker's turn.
Tim Sackton: He's like enough of this.
Tim Sackton: I don't like being wounded. I don't like being weak, and turns into a T-rex.
Mike Sackton: Good job, seeker.
David S. Kong: Yeah, it's like.
Tim Sackton: Or or a giant ape. I think a giant ape is actually better.
Mike Sackton: What's wrong with a giant crab.
Tim Sackton: Oh, the giant crab actually did well for him before.
Mike Sackton: Has a lot of good immunities, too.
Tim Sackton: But this this just needs, he just needs hit points to soak up this attack.
Tim Sackton: So I think a giant Apis is, yeah.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: This is me.
Tim Sackton: So no longer seeker a giant ape with 157 hit points now much more comfortable.
Tim Sackton: He has to wait for his next turn to attack, but that's going to keep him from getting wounded.
Tim Sackton: The latter will come. Maybe the latter can take him out natural? 20.
Tim Sackton: How much damage does the ladder do, man?
Tim Sackton: Igor is a really like tough character to play with, Eric, keeping things moving as much as he does.
Tim Sackton: Wendy, 10 plus 5. So 2D. 10 plus 5
Tim Sackton: things. Got 22 hit points. So it's gonna be tight.
Tim Sackton: Nope.
Mike Sackton: Shades than dealt with is that the.
Tim Sackton: Yes, shade's been dealt with.
Tim Sackton: Seeker.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. Seeker doesn't have anything he can do at this point.
Tim Sackton: unless the giant ape has a bonus action, probably doesn't.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Oh, hey?
Tim Sackton: Well, that's not going to do much good. It has a bonus action. It can leap.
Tim Sackton: But where is he gonna leap to. He's just gonna stay this shade with its disadvantage.
Tim Sackton: 24, minus 3, 2021
Tim Sackton: against Kenzo. Does that hit Kenzo.
David S. Kong: It hits 21 hits.
Tim Sackton: Okay. So the one who can't do anything actually does do something.
Tim Sackton: That is 18 points of legending, plus necrotic damage.
David S. Kong: Do I get my reaction now or no?
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah.
David S. Kong: Oh, great, that deflected.
David S. Kong: Okay. So.
Tim Sackton: Bails its deck, save, I assume, against the wounded one.
David S. Kong: Yep, and
David S. Kong: He now takes 2D. 10 plus 5,
David S. Kong: 11 damage.
Tim Sackton: Okay, the wounded one is going to make one attack against Brisbane, which fails. Second attack
Tim Sackton: against rezone succeeds. Oh, Kong, make a dexterity.
Tim Sackton: acrobatics check to see if you can break the grapple at the end of your turn. I forgot about that.
Tim Sackton: You wouldn't have been able to attack the guy. Anyway, you would have had to use Lingo's club.
David S. Kong: 22.
Tim Sackton: Okay. So you, Kenzo, big wriggles free from that.
Tim Sackton: The mist that's holding you.
Tim Sackton: This one, let's see 16 and a 20 that both Mrs. Riswin.
Tim Sackton: So it does nothing. Darwyth is up.
Mike Sackton: Okay, I'm going to move towards this guy and then curse him.
Mike Sackton: So I do, plus 5 damage.
Mike Sackton: And I can't really see squares on this but
Mike Sackton: and then I will. I'll just blast.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: They get 3 attacks.
Mike Sackton: Those are really crappy rolls.
Mike Sackton: How many hit points he only had like a few hit points, though right.
Tim Sackton: 7 hit points, 18.
Mike Sackton: What's his A/C.
Tim Sackton: Like Steen.
Mike Sackton: I am going to roll 2D 6
Mike Sackton: my 2. I'm gonna use my 2D. 4 to turn my 3 into a 10. So then, that plus 11 is a 21.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: One misses my 18 misses, so that actually has to kill him
Mike Sackton: because I had do plus 10 damage.
Mike Sackton: Okay? But it it's it's 15 plus 10.
Tim Sackton: He's dead.
Mike Sackton: And I get back the bunch of hit points.
Mike Sackton: Seekers. Okay? And that was my action and my bonus action.
Tim Sackton: Okay. Well, I'll be zop
Tim Sackton: welby, I assume, is going to take out the wounded one unless he misses, which he basically can't.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Picking out the wounded one.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Wounded one. Take a nap.
Tim Sackton: Don't think you can roll less than a
Tim Sackton: he has 27 hit points. That would be yeah.
Tim Sackton: And then.
Tim Sackton: because at this point there's no plane playing it out but to give seekers Giant a dramatic fashion.
Tim Sackton: Kenzo Harry's the thing.
Tim Sackton: Baldrick launches some ice arrows rizwin attacks. It it's not quite dead, and Seeker's giant ape leaps
Tim Sackton: and dashes across the battlefield, and then just pounds the thing with his fist.
Tim Sackton: and that.
Mike Sackton: That was that was complex.
David S. Kong: Oh, my God!
Tim Sackton: The. So I made this with the new. The new Monster Manual came out. All of these are like 2024 monsters. I made it with the encounter I normally make like
Tim Sackton: meet, like hard or slightly above hard encounters for you guys, because you've got so many magic items like
Tim Sackton: this was, I think they retuned the encounter building map
Tim Sackton: like way harder than I would have expected it to be based on D. And D. 2014.
Mike Sackton: Right.
David S. Kong: I mean that that combat took like 2 and a half hours. That was.
Mike Sackton: It was also. Yes, it was quite slow.
David S. Kong: That was crazy.
David S. Kong: I mean, we probably I don't know how many hit points we doled out of damage, but it was a lot.
Tim Sackton: A lot of them were hovering around. You left a lot of them at 50 or 40 hit points.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Mike Sackton: We didn't optimize. Very well. That is, that is true.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): And there were some tough sequences that, like.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Fear plus blindness, plus a whole bunch of attacks like that's a.
Tim Sackton: I mean, secret didn't do anything for 2 whole rounds. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
David S. Kong: Yeah, also, like.
Tim Sackton: I didn't do anything for the 1st round.
David S. Kong: Also, like Kenzo, took damage.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, kind of a lot of damage.
David S. Kong: Yeah, like 80 points a day. This is the first, st like no joke. This is the 1st combat in like, I can't even remember what combat? Where Kenzo has actually taken damage. I've not been touched in the last like 5 combats we've had, including.
Tim Sackton: And Ragemdros were just like whatever Kenzo.
David S. Kong: Can't touch me, can't touch me.
David S. Kong: Process it.
Tim Sackton: Last as the Fay creatures.
Tim Sackton: Clearly from what you can tell from sent by Harrow and Wend, whoever they are.
Tim Sackton: the same ones who attacked the Red Sun watch and
Tim Sackton: sent rivers of darkness oozing through the cracks in the Sunset Gate are defeated.
Tim Sackton: seeker turns back from a giant ape into the lady eventide, distraught
Tim Sackton: both by the seemingly irreversible death of Lyrian and her stag, and by the
Tim Sackton: and as it is 1220, in the interest of time rather than role playing it out, she and her distraught.
Tim Sackton: high-pitched, semi-secret voice seems very agitated and basically says
Tim Sackton: they will keep coming. We have to
Tim Sackton: can't remain here. It's not safe.
Tim Sackton: They won't invade other fey realms.
David S. Kong: Oh, man! So we're going to go to the farewell now.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Let's go.
David S. Kong: Do it.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I think that's the plan. Right?
David S. Kong: Oh, yeah.
Tim Sackton: So you heard you heard of this portal?
Tim Sackton: The bitter wine.
Mike Sackton: What's the deal with the lantern? Is it gone?
Mike Sackton: Can we recover it?
Tim Sackton: No, it's not gone, it is
Tim Sackton: It went out when she died, and it's now like a banked fire.
Tim Sackton: Somebody would have to attune to it, to watch it into light again, and nobody has attunement slots as far as.
Kate Sackton: I've just done the tune from this crown.
Tim Sackton: Yeah,
Tim Sackton: right. Rizwin can't actually die as long as you're willing to sacrifice people so you can never actually lose a combat as long as Riswin's letting other people die.
Kate Sackton: Prison's not doing that.
Mike Sackton: But like, if all of us were dead.
Mike Sackton: and you had to resurrect us, and you were the last one alive, right?
Mike Sackton: You could just stay alive forever until you resurrected us.
Mike Sackton: I guess not forever right like. There's only so many people attuned right.
Kate Sackton: On disconnecting those threads.
Tim Sackton: Travel. Send Vinder Sharna. So Seeker has a wand that points the nearest portal
Tim Sackton: which points into the desert. You suspect to bitter wine, oak, and you travel
Tim Sackton: moving as quickly as you can through the night
Tim Sackton: and into the next day and into the next afternoon and around.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you get a long rest, and around evening before nightfall.
Tim Sackton: You reach this strange place in the desert, which you possibly may have flown over
Tim Sackton: before when you weren't when you, the ship may have flown over when you were investigating the tower.
Tim Sackton: There's a few things, a few little details, I'll add. I'll I'll add, but again, not wanting to take too much time.
Tim Sackton: So you follow the river, the Easteros north, and then you veer west, where on the map a river is shown, but it's just a dry riverbed. There's no water flow.
Tim Sackton: and you follow this dry riverbed some miles
Tim Sackton: until you see this strange site a
Tim Sackton: giant oak tree like this, you know, not quite like the elder trees of the
Tim Sackton: The elder trees of the
Tim Sackton: of the owls, of of the elderwood, the god trees, but big like
Tim Sackton: a hundred 50 feet tall, taller than an oak normally should be.
Tim Sackton: Just put it on some more things, and despite this being total pitch dry desert.
Tim Sackton: you can see white blossoms growing around the oak, although there's no leaves and a pool
Tim Sackton: of some dark red, not blood. It looks like wine, liquid.
Mike Sackton: Hmm.
Tim Sackton: And we will.
Tim Sackton: I will give you a few more pieces of lore and information that Lady Eventide would report as you fly, and then will end before you
Tim Sackton: go through the portal, and we'll start next session at the
Tim Sackton: so she told you about.
Mike Sackton: Can I just make a suggestion? Why don't you give us the lore at the beginning of next set?
Tim Sackton: Oh, that's my goal!
Mike Sackton: Actually remember it instead of right. Now. I know you want to tell us the war, because it's cool, and I want to hear the war. But I'm gonna forget the war.
Tim Sackton: That's true. And next session is next Thursday, right? That's pretty soon. So all that is a great idea. I will give you Lady Eventide's.
Tim Sackton: Speech as you fly as the intro for next session.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Awesome.
Tim Sackton: Bitter wine, oak, the fey portal.
David S. Kong: Awesome.
Kate Sackton: Beautiful image.
Tim Sackton: And I will! I will adjust, I will! I will! I will start making medium combats instead.
David S. Kong: Yeah, I mean.
Mike Sackton: That was that was.
Tim Sackton: It's appropriate that the lieutenants of
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, it was. It was.
Tim Sackton: And we just.
Mike Sackton: There's a little got a little bogged down. There was a lot going on, was the main.
David S. Kong: I mean it was fun. It just took so long.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, exactly. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Took a little long.
David S. Kong: Like like having the combats be more like an hour, you know.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, well, it's I mean, I I'm
Tim Sackton: trying to run seeker and 3 monsters. It got a little complicated.
David S. Kong: All right. Y'all.
Tim Sackton: Alright!
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): Cool.
Tim Sackton: Night, everybody.
Mike Sackton: Good night, everybody!
David S. Kong: Good night.
Rev. David Schwartz (he/him): See you.